Tunnelling, for canals, roads and railways, is a relatively modern technique where any sort of mechanization is involved, although though irrigation tunnels, called qanats, are found in Iran and have existed for many hundreds of years. These tunnels, dug by the Persians and Armenians to bring water to the towns, are ten, twenty or more miles long and date from the eighth century BC in some parts. A number of vertical shafts were dug and then joined by horizontal tunnels. Similarly, manual labour was used in digging the canal tunnels in the systems created in Britain as well as on the continent of Europe from 1750 to 1850, even earlier in France. A total of some 69km (43 miles) of Britain’s canals are tunnelled, the longest tunnel being at Standedge on the Huddersfield Narrow Canal, this being 4951m (5415 yards) long. Mining tunnels date at least from Roman times and existed all over the empire wherever there were minerals to be exploited.

Modern tunnelling, using more or less complicated machinery, originated in 1818 when Marc Isambard Brunel designed a machine copying the principle of working of the shipworm, Teredo navalis. The head of this mollusc is protected by two jagged concave triangular shells, between which a proboscis protrudes, like the centre pin of a carpenter’s bit. This equipment enables the shipworm to grind the hardest oak into a nourishing paste, while the petrified excreta, having passed through the animal, forms a smooth lining to the tunnel behind it. In Brunel’s machine, thirty-three miners working in cells in the box-shaped iron casing which was advanced by screw jacks, the tunnel being lined with bricks as the face moved forwards. The boring beneath the Thames between Rotherhithe and Wapping was the world’s first underwater tunnel, completed in 1841. It is 1093m (1200yds) long. The twin tunnels, originally used as roads, are still in use today as a railway.

A second tunnel between Rotherhithe and Wapping was built in 1865 by Peter Barlow and James Henry Greathead, using a similar shield advanced hydraulically. Cast iron segments were used to line the bore, rather than the brickwork used by Brunel and in most of the earlier canal tunnels. Greathead’s pioneering work formed the basis for most of the subsequent London Underground Railway.

Rotating cutting heads, hydraulically-operated arms for lifting and holding the cast iron (later steel) lining segments while they were bolted up together, and conveyors to remove the excavated spoil from the face were added subsequently to make the tunnelling machine almost entirely automatic, as it is today. Different companies, too, have gone into the manufacture of specialist machines for tunnelling through chalk, rock or sand in addition to the clay of Brunel’s and Greathead’s early work.

The first British tunnel of any length was for a railway under the River Severn. Built between 1880 and 1893, it was over 6.9km (4.3 miles) long, 3.7km (2.3 miles) of which were under the water, and 76 million bricks were used in the tunnel lining. An alternative to boring a tunnel through the solid ground for a river crossing is the immersed tube tunnel in which tubular sections are built up on land, towed out and sunk into position before the ends are removed.

Rotherhithe, again, was the site of the first experiment in this method by Robert Vazie and Richard Trevithick between 1802 and 1808. They built 319gm (1046ft) of 1.5m (5ft) high by 0.9m (3ft) wide brick tunnel across the River Thames, but ran out of money before the work could be completed. However, they did establish the practicability of the system which has been much used since, notably for the John F.Kennedy tunnel under the River Scheldt at Antwerp. Five prefabricated reinforced concrete sections averaging 102.2m (335.3ft) long make up the 512m (1680ft) of the prefabricated part of the two three-lane roadways and the two-track railway tunnel, completed in 1969.

The sections of an immersed tube tunnel are usually laid in a trench dug in the river bed. Hydraulic jacks are sometimes used to draw them together before they are connected to each other. The immersed tube has been likened to the underwater equivalent of the cut-and cover method of construction on land such as was used for some of the first underground railway lines in London as in other cities.

Compressed air plays an important role in the tunnelling engineer’s equipment. In hard rock tunnelling it often provides the power for driving facecutting tools or the percussive tools used for drilling holes in which to place explosive charges for blasting. In drilling the Mont Cenis tunnel, from 1860 onwards, a 170cu.m/min (6000cfm) air supply at 6 atmospheres (87 psi, 6kg/ cm2) was obtained from water descending 50m (164ft) through castron pipes, the entrained air being separated out through valves at the bottom of the fall. In this case ten hydraulic air compressors were used to obtain the supply, these being based on the principle of the Trompe or Trombe, originating in Italy in the sixteenth century, then much used for providing air supply to brass or iron smelting furnaces. A similar arrangement was used in drilling the St Gotthard tunnel in 1873. Hydraulic rather than pneumatic power was used when work commenced on the Ahrlberg tunnel in 1880. Thomas Doane’s mechanical air compressor, patented in 1866, was used on the Hoosac tunnel and started the seeds of an industry in which the Americans have long been among the leaders, together with Sweden where rock drilling is very much a part of life. When, in the early 1960s, the Mont Blanc road tunnel was being constructed between Aosta and Chamonix, air-operated drills were used mounted on a three-deck gantry, the drills being supported on hydraulicallyoperated booms, while the pumps which supplied pressure hydraulic fluid were driven by compressed air motors. Compressed air motors are often preferred to electric motors in mining and similar situations where there is a risk of fire or explosion.

Where compressed air drills are used, the exhaust air is often used as an air supply for the operators as well as to ventilate and cool the tunnel while work is proceeding. Pressurizing a tunnel which is being dug under water also performs the useful function of keeping out the water, should there be a leak in the lining. The maximum pressure that can be safely used is about 50 psi (3.5kg/cm2) equivalent to 33.5m (110ft) of water, without damaging effects to those working in the tunnel by ‘the bends’ (compression sickness or caisson disease). Today, the world’s longest traffic tunnel, i.e. not for water or sewage, is the 54km (33.5 mile) railway tunnel that runs between the islands of Honshu and Hokkaido in Japan. This even exceeds the probable length of the proposed Channel Tunnel. This project is hardly new. It started as early as 1802 when Albert Mathieu, a French mining engineer, first put forward plans for a tunnel under the English Channel between France and England. In spite of the interest of Napoleon Bonaparte this came to nothing, as did the plans of another Frenchman, a civil engineer named Aimé Thome de Gamond who devoted himself to the matter for thirty-four years from 1833. At the 1851 Great Exhibition in the Crystal Palace in Hyde Park he tried to raise capital for the venture but abandoned it on account of its cost, at that time estimated as £33,600,000. The debate has persisted through the years, many more schemes being put forward. A Labour government approved the project in the 1970s, but cancelled the contract after a tunnelling machine had been positioned below ground on the English side. In 1986, the governments of Great Britain and France signed a treaty for the building of a 50km (31 mile) double rail tunnel, financed by money from the private sector. Initial estimated costs were something over £2000 million. Much has been made of the difficulty of adequately ventilating a road tunnel of the usual noxious fumes, largely carbon monoxide, emitted by the internal combustion engine, so the idea of an electrified railway, carrying road vehicles has prevailed.

Vilgax is a warlord of the Chimera Sui Generis (named after the mythological monster, the Chimera) race, who are able to turn into giant squid-like creatures when exposed to water. His empire based on the planet Vilgaxia, Vilgax is Ben's first and most recurring nemesis through the series. He is ruthless, cruel, and power hungry as he will stop at nothing to take the Omnitrix and use it to build an army capable of conquering every planet in the galaxy. He is one of the most feared aliens in the galaxy, having conquered 10 worlds, destroyed five others, and created a black hole. In fact, he is so feared, that almost no biological life-form is willing to work for him, forcing him to use robotic Bioids and robot drones for his entire crew, though he is able to find mercenaries willing to work for him for the right price. He is also a self-proclaimed master of the Omnitrix, as he claimed that unlocking the Omnitrix's master control function was "child's play" for him, though Ben later learned to change Omnitrix's code sequence by the events of Alien Force.
In the beginning of the original series, Vilgax had no actual powers, though after an accident while trying to get the Omnitrix from Xylene he received serious injuries, including maiming, causing him to be placed by his drones in a repair tank for healing, where he stayed for most of season 1. During this time, after he found out that the Omnitrix has been taken by someone, he sent his robots and bounty hunters to catch it. Later he was repaired and cybernetically enhanced, giving him colossal size, strength and durability that made him a match for every alien Ben could access at that time. He also had the ability to temporarily increase his own muscle mass and strength.
Vilgax returns in Ben 10: Alien Force, where he gained various new abilities and equipment by draining powers from the champions of ten worlds he conquered. His new abilities include even greater strength and invulnerability, a red laser projector, wind breath, flight at light-speed, super-hearing, a large sword he can cover with flame or Taedenite, and a gauntlet he can use to generate force fields and electric shocks. Though he originally chased Ben only because for the Omnitrix, his several defeats made him resolve to kill the youth as well. Despite his cruel and villainous tendencies, it was seen in "Ghost Town" that Vilgax does care about his own people (taking his role as Vilgaxia's ruler and champion very seriously), so much so that he is willing to put his own life on the line and use whatever other means necessary to ensure Vilgaxia's, and its people's, safety; even if it means begging his enemies for help.
In "Vengeance of Vilgax", Vilgax had defeated The Galactic Enforcers and claimed Ultimos' powers. He then arrived on Earth to challenge Ben Tennyson only to end up fighting Grandpa Max and the Helpers. Upon defeating them, Vilgax has Grandpa Max deliver the message to Ben. When Ben fights Vilgax, he ends up shattered as Chromastone but reforms into Diamondhead and defeats Vilgax. Due to his defeat, by intergalactic law, Vilgax had to leave Earth and never return. This did not stop him from returning to Earth a few more times. In the series finale "The Final Battle", he teams up with Albedo in order to take the Omnitrix. When Albedo gets Ben to surrender the Omnitrix, Vilgax goes back on his deal and claims the Omnitrix to power the robots present. Albedo tries to fight him and ended up his prisoner. When Ben, Gwen, Kevin, and Grandpa Max ended up, infiltrating his ship, Ben managed to have the Omnitrix set itself to self-destruct which Vilgax thought it was a bluff, when it exploded, Vilgax's robots were useless to him and Kevin was finally reverted to his human state. Doing the same trick to Albedo, Ben manages to take the Ultimatrix and fight Vilgax with his new power, when his ship ended up submerged in the ocean, he is shown to transform into a giant squid-like creature, which he refers to as his true form, when exposed to water, He then attempted to swallow Ben, but as Jetray, was able to escape the ship when it sinks further into the abyss before exploding. Though Vilgax was not shown escaping before the explosion, Ben stated that Vilgax might've escaped as he has survived worse than that.
Vilgax returns in Ben 10: Ultimate Alien, having barely survived yet was too weak to return to his usual form. He eventually was found by the Flame Keeper's Circle, believing the intergalactic conqueror to be Diagon due to his cephalopodic appearance as he plays on the cult's hopes and dreams to achieve a means to leave Earth and rebuild his empire. Though eventually discovered living in a fish tank in the group's main office building and exposed by Ben during "The Flame Keeper's Circle", the cult refused to accept the truth. In "A Knight to Remember," Vilgax reveals himself once obtaining both the sword of Ascalon and Diagon's heart while regaining his usual form. However, deceived by Diagon with the promise of more power, Vilgax cracks the seal that kept Diagon out of reality and is sucked into the other side. There, witnessing its power firsthand, Vilgax seems to willingly become Diagon's servant and is physically altered, taking on Lucubra features and is given new powers. By the events of "The Beginning Of the End" and "The Ultimate Enemy", Vilgax returns to reality as a herald of Diagon to fully destroy the seal. However, after Diagon is freed and George killed, Vilgax reveals his true scheme to take Diagon's powers for his own. Battling Ben, Vilgax loses his newly gained power while stabbed with Ascalon, returning to his original state as he attempts to talk Ben into giving into allure of the power he currently has. But his manipulation fails as Ben manages to remain in control and restore everyone on Earth to normal.
Returning in Ben 10: Omnniverse, with aspects of his design in the original series, Vilgax was being escorted to a prison planet during the events of "Vilgax Must Croak" before an Incursion attack enabled him to escape.
Vilgax's Drones[edit]
Vilgax's Drones are robots that were created by Vilgax to serve him and help him retrieve the Omnitrix. They come in different types:
Basic Drones - These drones are small, weak, and shaped like UFOs. The Basic Drones were capable of flight and had several small limbs armed with lasers and blades. They can also fuse with organic creatures (like one did with Joey which turned her into Rojo).
Gigantic Robot Drone - A 40 ft. tall humanoid drone with three insectoid legs. The Gigantic Robot Drones possess great strength and large claws, can spawn Basic Drones from their shoulders, can create laser blasts, and spin their legs to become a mini tornado.
Bioids' - The Bioids are small humanoid drones that are barely used for combat. They do possess the power of speech.
Mechadroids - The Mechadroids are similarly larger than the Basic Drones, but are different where they have recognizable faces and spider-like legs. They can merge with machines in order to gain more abilities (like attaching to a tank to itself to use its cannon). For each machine that is merged with it, the Mechadroids get larger and stronger.
Bioid Army - The Bioid Army are a group of synthetic drones with no faces or weapons. They have blank DNA and can be synced to the Omnitrix in order to transform all of them into any form selected (basically making an army out of one alien form) giving them any and all of that alien's powers.
Flying Drones - A group of Bioids that can turn into jets and fly.
Grunts - A group of gorilla-like drones with gatling lasers.
Insectoid Drones - The Insectoid Drones appeared in Ben 10: Protector of Earth and Ben 10 Alien Force: Vilgax Attacks. Their weapons include scythes, lasers, drills, bombs, and photon rays.
Doctor Animo[edit]
Voiced by:
Dwight Schultz - Ben 10, Ben 10: Alien Force, Ben 10: Ultimate Alien, & Ben 10: Omniverse
Dr. Aloysius James Animo is a brilliant and a mad scientist obsessed with genetic experiments on animals, and Ben's first human enemy. He was once a promising researcher in veterinary science that had a special way with animals, his career was cut short when it was discovered that he was performing twisted genetic experiments on animals. He had hoped that his research would win him the Verties Award, which is an award in veterinary science, because of the nature of his research; he lost the award to another doctor named Kelly. This drove him insane, and he dropped off the map for five years until he could perfect his research.
Before his first appearance in the show, Dr. Animo watched a TV report showing Ben as Diamondhead saving a camp from a giant robot. This inspired him and led him to look for a way to create his own minion monsters, so Dr. Animo created the "Transmodulator", a device that can turn animals into giant monsters (like he did with a frog, a hamster, and a cockatoo), and later bring back dead creatures such as a wax statue of a woolly mammoths and a Tyrannosaurus skeleton. He attempted to use his new monsters to take his revenge against Kelly and take his prize, but he was stopped by Ben. After this, he became one of the most recurrent villains in the show, usually trying to create armies of mutant monsters, and was even able to use DNA information from the Omnitrix to enhance his creatures twice. He has the ability to telepathically control any kind of animal (including his monsters and even non-sentient aliens), which according to the enhanced version of "Ben 10: The Secret of the Omnitrix", he learned from Clancy (who could control insects in the same way) during his time in the Negative 10.
Returning in Ben 10: Alien Force, having ended up in the Null Void while becoming more muscular and less green. In Voided, Animo conquered the dimension under the alias of D'Void and then forced the residents of the Null Void to build a machine which would open a portal to Earth so he could conquer it while enhancing his physical attributes, but he was stopped by the combined forces of Ben and the resistance founded by Max and the Plumber's helpers. Returning to old mofit, Animo returns in Ben 10: Ultimate Alien in "Escape From Aggregor", returning to his old motif as he uses a mind-control headband to force a Yeti to fight Ben as part of a diversion as part of his scheme to turn anyone within the vicinity of the Himalayas into Yetis before it was foiled. In the aftermath of "It's Not Easy Being Gwen," after using mutant frogs to attack the city, Dr. Animo is sent to jail. However in "The Eggman Cometh," Animo abuses the justice system to be put on parole and uses a chicken farm as a front to create Pterodactyl Men from the chicken eggs. Ben manages to thwart him again by using Jury Rigg to convert Animo's machine into an evolution ray to evolve the Pterodactyl Men into chickens and also made a local sheriff super-smart.
As revealed in Ben 10: Omniverse, now with a glass dome over his head that enables him to effectively control creatures of lesser intelligence, Animo ended up in a Plumber prison cell which he decorated with patchwork animal dolls. Making his reintroduction in "It Was Them", Animo escaped and attempted to enlarge Earth's ant population and use them to take over the world. However, due to interference from Ben, who believed he was behind the attacks by Khyber's hound, Animo's plan was foiled and he was returned to his cell. Animo eventually escapes his prison and acts to resurrect V.V. Argost during the events of "T.G.I.S." to enact a scheme to conquer the world with "Franken-Cryptids" while aiding Argost in getting his revenge on the Saturday family. But the scheme ends with Animo chased off by the chupacabras he used to revive Argost.
Sixsix[edit]
Sixsix (named after the caliber of the two pistols that he wields) is a bounty hunter and mercenary from the Sotoragg system. Unlike the villains Ben has faced, he Sixsix and his race speak in language that only some aliens can understand him. It is said he has quite a reputation, as he wears a disguise when in Incarcecon as a means to avoid be attacked by those trying to prove their prowess by beating him.
Sixsix has purple armor and strange, clamp-like feet; the armor he wears was taken from an assassin droid he gutted. He is equipped with a jetpack, and his armor is covered with pouches that hold various weapons and projectiles, such as twin blasters, laser discs, an energized buzz saw, laser blade and whip, a sonic weapon, throwing pikes, grenades, bolas, rockets, and several tentacle-mounted lasers coming out of his back pack. He also has several very strange small claws and hands that extend from his shoulders that are usually used to throw the small pikes coming out of his jet pack, or bombs when he is using his blasters. He was added to the Original Series first appearing in the episode "Hunted", being recruited by Vilgax with Kraab and Tetrax to get the Omnitrix. He is defeated by Grey Matter and Tetrax. Returning in "Galactic Enforcers (episode)" forming an alliance with his new colleague Vulkanus, who execute the task of obtaining the Bicenthium Alloy and mix it with the element X to exploit the solar system and take over the galaxy. But they are both defeated by the Galactic enforcers and Cannonbolt. Later in the movie "Ben 10: The Secret of the Omnitrix" it's revealed that after his second confrontation against Ben he was sent to Incarcecon and remained there until the young Tennyson and Tetrax infiltrated the place looking for Azmuth. Sixsix then confronted Tetrax but their fight was interrupted when Ben's Omnitrix sent out a feedback, knocking Sixsix out cold.
Later on Ben 10: Omniverse, Sixsix returns in the episode "Vilgax Must Croak" and was hired along with his brother Sevenseven and sister Eighteight by Attea to execute the mission to kill Vilgax but his plans fail when Ben, Rook and group plumbers prevent it.
Rojo[edit]
Voiced by:
Jennifer Hale - Ben 10
Kari Wahlgren - Ben 10: Ultimate Alien
Joey is the leader of a heavily-armed female biker gang. She is greedy, wild, amoral, and not hesitant to attack innocent bystanders just because they annoy her.
She was first introduced in "The Alliance", on a failed attempt to rob an armored truck. She is thwarted by Four Arms and two of Vilgax's Drones coming after Ben. The remnants of one of Vilgax's destroyed drones merges with Joey when she takes a look in it, and she becomes a powerful cyborg named Rojo(Robot Joey). The upgrade gives her the ability to fly, superhuman speed, metallic claws, and a pair of blasters attached to each shoulder. Vilgax was able to communicate with her through the parts and force her to track down the Omnitrix for him. Rojo is turned back to normal when Upgrade shorted-out the spare parts, after which Gwen knocks her unconscious for attempting a sneak attack on Upgrade.
She returns in "Ben 10 vs. the Negative 10", as part of the Negative Ten. She now sports new alien tech and armor that was presumably supplied by the Forever Knights. In that episode she is also shown to have a rivalry with Charmcaster over being the "baddest girl" in the group. In the battle, she interferes with Gwen and Charmcaster's duel but gets kicked away by Charmcaster and Gwen's combined spell power. Later she quarrels with other Negative 10 members and later was trapped in the force field where the sub-energy once resided.
Rojo returned and made a brief appearance in the Ben 10: Ultimate Alien episode "Hit 'Em Where They Live", where she and her biker gang tried to rob a train. She apparently reformed her biker gang and upgraded them, using blue and yellow versions of her new red high-lighted suit and riding hover-cycles. They were eventually stopped by Ben, Gwen and Kevin.
Zombozo[edit]
Voiced by:
John Kassir - Ben 10
John DiMaggio - Ben 10: Ultimate Alien and Ben 10: Omniverse
Zombozo (a play on "zombie" and "bozo") is a presumed human, cruel and creepy clown mastermind with a dark sense of humor that borders on more sadistic and psychopathic behavior. First introduced in "Last Laugh" with a circus as a front, Zombozo stages shows to bring people in and then uses a machine he calls the "Psyclown" to drain the happiness and life energy from them, leaving them depleted and sad or aged while his minions strip the town. He was eventually defeated when Ben overcame his fear of clowns after seeing the effect of Zombozo's device on Max and Gwen, and terrorized Zombozo as Ghostfreak by peeling back his skin, causing him to literally explode in a burst of confetti.
He returned in Ben 10: Ultimate Alien episode "Hit 'Em Where They Live", revealing that the "explosion" of confetti indicated that he merely disappeared there. After Ben's identity was revealed to the world, he and Ben's other old enemies organized attacks against Ben's family to get their revenge. After most of the attacks were stopped by Max, Zombozo formed a team with Charmcaster and Vulkanus as he kidnapped Ben's mother as a hostage to bring Ben, Gwen, and Kevin to his hideout, then separate them and let the members of his team take them down one by one. His plan eventually backfired when he tried to kill Mrs. Tennyson in a slow and cruel way, causing an angry Gwen to assume her dormant Anodite form while threatening an intimidated Zombozo to spread the word to the other villains not to go after their families again.
During the events of "Ben 10: Omniverse" episode "The More Things Change" Pt. 1, Zombozo had stolen a brain from Bellwood's brain bank (leaving Kevin to question why there was one). Zombozo is caught by Ben's group during their last day as a team. He also looks more like a zombie than a clown, even having flies around him.
In "Special Delivery," Zombozo appeared at Psyphon's auction. He is among those who help Psyphon to fight Ben in order to get the Dwarf Star from him.
Circus Freaks Trio[edit]
This trio worked together in the guise of being freak show performers in Zombozo's circus before his disappearance. Whenever Ben runs into them, they end up working for the villain of the week. They appear to all three be mutants, at least in the case of Acid Breath, who claims to have gotten his power from his mother. In "Last Laugh", they work for Zombozo. Since Zombozo's supposed demise, they have worked later for different employers, such as Zs'Skayr, and Driscoll.
Acid Breath[edit]
Voiced by:
Dee Bradley Baker - Ben 10
Acid Breath is a zombie-like, one of Zombozo's three minions, and without a higher rank to command them, he acts as the trio's leader (with somewhat inconclusive results). As his name states, he has the ability to project corrosive acid from his mouth in the form of either a vapor or a liquid; he claims that he learned this trick from his mother. This acid can easily dissolve whatever he wants it to, even metal and stone. Despite the potency of his breath however, he is one of Ben's least dangerous foes.
Frightwig[edit]
Voiced by:
Cree Summer - Ben 10
Frightwig is woman with a pale skin, a tight-fitting body suit, and five orange prehensile tentacles for hair. They are also tipped with metal orbs, allowing for greater concussive damage. She's also extremely nimble and skilled in acrobatics. Despite her strength, she is always easily subdued by Ben, normally by being tied up with her own hair.
Thumbskull[edit]
Voiced by:
Jeff Doucette - Ben 10
Thumbskull has a head shaped like a thumb. Instead of hair Thumbskull had a horn that was broken previous to his on screen appearance. He also has a great strength, such as Fourarms, but limited intelligence, normally serving as the "brawn" of the group. He is also easily beaten by Ben, normally even worse than the others.
Hex[edit]
Voiced by:
Khary Payton - Ben 10, Ben 10: Alien Force & Ben 10: Ultimate Alien
Tara Strong - Ben 10 (as a child in "Don't Drink the Water")
Hexlord, also known as Hex, is a self-proclaimed "Master Magician" from Legerdomain who desires to rule the world with his unmatched magical mystical powers.
He possesses five magical mystic charms called the "Charms of Bezel" that give him incredible mystical powers and abilities, in addition to his own spell-casting abilities. It is unknown how he possesses powers even without the charms, but since it's implied in "In Charm's Way" that Charmcaster, daughter of his brother Spellbinder, was trained in controlling and manipulating mana, it was probably the same for him. He first fights the Tennysons while he tries to steal the final Charm of Bezel, during the fight with Ben, Grandpa Max, and Gwen, he locked in a stone casket until the police arrived, later, he was busted out by his niece Charmcaster and attacked Las Vegas for an artifact that can recreate the Charms of Bazel. Different from others Ben's enemies, he's fought Ben several times although he is more of an enemy of Gwen than he is an enemy of Ben, as he attacks her in most of his appearances
Hex returned in the third season of Ben 10: Alien Force, where it's revealed he has seemingly made up with his niece between the two series, and now lives in a tall, Japanese-style mansion where he keeps all his books of magic, including the Archamada. He has returned to his original age, and his look is mostly the same than before, though his clothes are now fully red instead of black and red, and his face is whiter than before making it look even more like a skull.
In "Time Heals", Gwen snuck into Hex's mansion to steal a specific spell book in one of her attempts to cure Kevin's mutation. Despite the warning of Paradox, Gwen does so but ended up causing a timeline where Hex has taken over the world, upon evading Charmcaster, Gwen infiltrates Hex's mansion again and runs into Hex who had become aware of the timeline change. While a weakened Ben tries to stop Hex and Charmcaster, Gwen successfully makes off with the spell book and prevents herself from causing this timeline.
He reappears in the Ultimate Alien in episode "The Enemy of my Frenemy". Gwen tries to steal one of his books only for her to be caught by Hex. Gwen tells him about Ledgerdomain where Charmcaster is currently fighting Addwaitya. Although Hex doesn't want to help rescue Charmcaster, he does allow Gwen to take some magical items that she needs in helping Charmcaster.
Phil[edit]
Voiced by:
Robert Patrick - Ben 10
Dee Bradley Baker - Ben 10: Omniverse
Phil is a former Plumber and Max's partner, continuing to hunt aliens after the Plumbers disbanded years ago. But in reality, using the Null Void projector, Phil scams people into paying him to remove the aliens he sets free. During the events of "Truth", Phil crosses paths with Max and his grandchildren, temping Ben into remaking the Plumbers. But once his scheme is revealed, Phil releases an alien to deal with Max, but Ben is able to rescue him and eventually trap Phil in the Null Void.
However, as revealed in the "Of Predators and Prey" 2-part episode of Ben 10: Omniverse, Phil was found a year later by Malware and Dr. Psychobos to be used as a test subject for the Nemetrix. Assuming the form of a Terroranchula, Phil battled Ben and overpowered him. But due to his higher brain functions, Phil was unable to adapt into a feral form and was teleported away after the fight ended.
Forever Knights[edit]
The Forever Knights is a secret organization that deals with the alien encounters and other varying activities. The group was founded by the First Knight called Sir George. Each of the Forever Knight factions is led by a Forever King.
In all three TV series and one video game, different VAs have voiced the Forever Knight soldiers: Dee Bradley Baker, Jeff Bennett, Greg Cipes, Tim Curry, John DiMaggio, Greg Ellis, Robert David Hall, Yuri Lowenthal, Peter MacNicol, Richard McGonagle, Scott Menville, Rob Paulsen, Khary Payton, Kevin Michael Richardson, and Fred Tatasciore.
Presumably they are a loose reference to the Knights Templar.
Lord Enoch[edit]
Voiced by:
Richard Doyle - Ben 10 and Ben 10: Ultimate Alien
Lord Enoch has significant influence in the organization, appearing as their paramilitary leader in their first three appearances. He was eventually revealed to be one of Discroll's lieutenants.
In "Perfect Day", he and his men captured Ben and trapping him in a dream machine in a plot to remove the Omnitrix from his wrist. Ben turned the tides against him and trapped him in his own dream machine until the police arrive. When the Forever Ninja arrived and found Enoch like this, Driscoll arrived asking him to promise Enoch as he has failed him for the last time. In the "Enhanced Edition" of the episode, it was stated that took Enoch years to recover from the effects of the dream machine.
Enoch returns in the Ben 10: Ultimate Alien episode "The Purge", where he was among the Forever Knight leaders present at Old George's meeting.
Forever King Driscoll[edit]
Voiced by:
Richard Doyle - Ben 10 & Ben 10: Ultimate Alien
Driscoll was the first Forever King met by Ben, he was a Plumber who was thrown out in disgrace for stealing alien technology for his own benefit. He later joined the Forever Knights and worked his way up the ranks, eventually becoming their leader and creating a splinter group of Forever Knights dedicated to get revenge on the Plumbers. He wears a large armored suit that grants him enhanced strength, energy blasts, and protects him from harm. Driscoll is the closest thing to a main antagonist in the fourth season of the original series.
His first appeared in "Perfect Day" where he finds Enoch trapped in a dream world. He promises Enoch after his failures and says he will take care of Ben himself. He appears again in "Ben 10 vs. The Negative 10" where he rounds up a collection of Ben's old enemies to form a specialized team, in an effort to steal the "Sub-Energy", the most powerful energy source, 20 times more powerful than the Sun, and compared to nuclear power plants, they look like "wind-up toys", and given to the Plumbers as a reward for capturing an alien fugitive by grateful aliens they helped. Driscoll eventually manages to steal it and enhances his power suit with it, but the energy source was eaten by Upchuck, his suit is destroyed, but Driscoll survives and escapes.
Driscoll returned in Ben 10: Ultimate Alien, in "The Purge", where he, among the rest of the Forever Knight faction leaders, were summoned by Old George. Although he initially attacked him, he stopped once he realized who he was, and agreed to serve him. Later, while leading a group of Forever Knights to capture aliens, he was challenged by Ben to honorable combat over the fate of the prisoners, which Ben won. Despite this, Driscoll refused to let the aliens go, ordering the Forever Knights to kill them, however, after a powerful threat from Ben, Driscoll and his Knights withdrew. Driscoll apologized to Old George for his failure, and was surprised when George placed him in charge, while he went on a journey.
Forever King Patrick[edit]
Voiced by:
Michael York - Ben 10: Alien Force
Patrick led an order dedicated to destroy the Immortal Dragon and its species. Unlike the other Forever Kings, he wears a medieval king costume with a golden armor.
In "Be-Knighted", when it came to the Forever Knight's latest invention, he had Connor test it out on the Alien Dragon only for it to escape. After learning from Connor that the Alien Dragon escaped, Patrick prevented Connor from quitting upon stating that there is now proof of a world of Alien Dragons and plans to make preparations to make sure they are no longer a threat. Patrick also vows that Ben, Gwen and Kevin will pay for their interference. In "Pet Project", Patrick then had Dr. Joseph Chadwick work on the ships that would be needed to attack the Alien Dragon's home world which also involved the capture of Ship, for he can control the space ship, because they don't know how to use the complexes controls. After Ben defeated Joseph, it is yet to be seen what Patrick's next move will be.
In Ben 10: Ultimate Alien episode "The Purge", Patrick was present with the other Forever Knight leaders when Old George returns and unites the Forever Knight factions into one group.
Connor[edit]
Voiced by:
Hakeem Kae-Kazim - Ben 10: Alien Force
Connor is an arrogant Forever Knight. He first appears in "Be-Knighted", trying to catch the dragon.
He reappears in "The Purge", at the meeting of the Knights.
Dr. Joseph Chadwick[edit]
Voiced by:
Tim Curry - Ben 10: Alien Force
Dr. Joseph Chadwick is a scientist working for the Forever Knights faction led by Sir Patrick. He only appears in "Pet Project". He had Sir Morton capture Ship in order to further the development of the ships needed to head to the homeworld of the alien dragon. During the fight with Ben's group, Swampfire ignited a gas line which caused the house they were in to start to collapse. Dr. Joseph Chadwick was caught in the cave-in. It is unknown if he survived or not.
Sir Morton[edit]
Voiced by:
Kevin Michael Richardson - Ben 10: Alien Force
Sir Morton is a heavyset Forever Knight that works with Dr. Joseph Chadwick.
Forever King Urian[edit]
Voiced by:
Jim Piddock - Ben 10: Ultimate Alien
Urian is the leader of another splintered terrorist group of the organization introduced in Ben 10: Ultimate Alien. He wears slightly bulkier Forever Knight armor, but no helmet. His suit also can give off an electric shock out of his gloves.
He appears in "Duped" where he wanted to obtain the ancient Toltech Battle Armor, an alien armor given to the ancient Aztec as a parting gift, it seems to be powered by two red crystals. Urian returns in "The Purge" where he was present upon Old George's return to the Forever Knights.
Sir Cyrus[edit]
Voiced by:
Robin Atkin Downes - Ben 10: Ultimate Alien
Sir Cyrus is a member of the Forever Knights. He first appeared where Ben, Gwen, and Kevin encounter him near the cracked seal of the Lucubra. When Ben asks if he is associated with Driscoll, Patrick, or Urian, Sir Cyrus states that he isn't associated with any of them as his group follows the path of the First Knight.
Vulkanus[edit]
Voiced by:
John DiMaggio - Ben 10, Ben 10: Alien Force and Ben 10: Ultimate Alien
Vulkanus is a diminutive Detrovite that wears mechanical armor to compensate for his small size, making him as strong as Fourarms. In the first series, Vulkanus partnered up with Sixsix in order to build a weapon capable of destroying a solar system using the "element X" and Bicenthium Alloy.
Vulkanus returns in Ben 10: Alien Force episode "Kevin's Big Score", where according him, Kevin betrayed Vulkanus during a "counterfeit isotope" scam a few years earlier. Kevin left him holding the merchandise when The Plumbers arrived, and though he managed to escape, the Plumbers destroyed his ship, making unable to leave Earth; so he resorted to trading level three alien technology to get by. When Kevin arrives looking to obtain an important item, which was a holo-viewer from Max, Vulkanus decides to get back at him for the betrayal by forcing Kevin to absorb a small piece of "Taedenite", the hardest and rarest gem in the galaxy; this caused Kevin's body to mass-produce the gem, thus giving Vulkanus an endless supply. However, he is foiled by Ben, freezing off his armor, revealing Vulkanus' true form. Rather than attempt to arrest him, however, Kevin leaves Vulkanus with the small fortune in crystals he had managed to chip off beforehand, considering it as payment for his past actions. But Vulkanus then used his new fortune to buy a permission to change Earth climate so it would be more like his home world, but again was stopped by Ben. In Con of Rath he and his minions hide in a strange planet with a Taedenite, when Ben in Ratn and teams arrived in the place he orders kill them but Ben defeats with a ground stroke.
Vulkanus later returns in Ben 10: Ultimate Alien episode "Hit 'Em Where They Live", he teamed up with Zombozo and Charmcaster to attack Ben's loved ones. In "Greetings form Techadon," he buy a Technodon Robot manufacture factory programed to destroy Ben, each destroyed robot providing data for the next robot with counters to Ben's alien forms. However, as the Technodon robots are program to target anything with an Omnitrix symbol on it, it was a simple task for Ben to hide the Ultimatrix from sight while a fake is placed on Vulkanus's person.
In the "Ben 10: Omniverse" episode "Special Delivery," Vulkanus is among those who assist Psyphon into claiming the Dwarfstar from Ben.
Pickaxe Aliens[edit]
The Pickaxe Aliens are the minions of Vulkanus. They use pickaxes as weapons.
In "The More Things Change" Pt. 1, a Pickaxe Alien was seen in Undertown.
Charmcaster[edit]
Voiced by:
Kari Wahlgren - Ben 10, Ben 10: Alien Force and Ben 10: Ultimate Alien
Hope is Hex's teenage niece who operates under the name Charmcaster. Like him, she originated from Ledgerdomain (or Yahwahtacsip) and was the daughter of Spellbinder. She carries a magic satchel from which she can draw all manner of items, such as magical explosives, throwing blades, or even various clay animals to enlarge and animate. Although small, the bag seems to have something of a pocket dimension inside. She is also skilled in various magical spells, although it's clear that because of her inexperience, she is not as powerful as her uncle.
Forced to flee to Earth when her father died at the hands of Adwaita, Charmcaster resolved to become a great sorceress so she can have her revenge. During her introduction in "Tough Luck", she helped her uncle out of jail to get the Charm of Bezel, and is ultimately defeated by Gwen. Charmcaster officially became the girl's nemesis after a failed attempt with body swap spell causes her to lose her spell book to Gwen while she is trapped in a females' Juvie. Charmcaster later was part of the Negative 10's plot to defeat Ben, though more concerned in defeating Gwen rather than Ben, and also had a rivalry with her partner Rojo. Charmcaster returns in Ben 10: Alien Force, living with her uncle. She wears a way different outfit, utilizing mana manipulation in her various spells, and far more vicious, sadistic, and arrogant than before. During the events of "In Charm's Way", Charmcaster tricks Kevin into attacking Ben by promising to restore him to normal, for she can drain Gwen's magical and Anodite powers. She and Hex conquer the world in the alternate timeline of "Time Heals".
In the Ben 10: Ultimate Alien episode "Hit 'Em Where They Live", Charmcaster teamed up with Zombozo and Vulkanus in a plot to kidnap Ben's parents.
During the events of "Where the Magic Happens", Charmcaster helps Ben, Gwen and Kevin to get in Ledgerdomain so they can find a piece of the Map of Infinity. During that time, Charmcaster's background story is revealed as she moves past her feelings of resentment toward Gwen and actually develops a friendship with her. This change in her spurred her to buy time for Ben's group to escape while she remained behind in Ledger Domain with the hopes of defeating a powerless Adwaita at last.
By the events of "The Enemy of My Frenemy", Charmcaster reclaimed Ledgerdomain during the power vacuum left by Adwaita's defeat and becomes corrupted with power, building a device that drains the lives of living things to sacrifice all life on her domain to being Spellbinder back to life. Ben, Gwen, and Kevin attempted to stop her before they end up being sacrificed as well. But when he learned of the horror his daughter committed for his sake, a revived Spellbinder reverses the ceremony to restore everyones' lives back while a saddened Charmaster is left with how she should spend her life now. Gwen, pitying her and hoping she can get better, leaves Charmcaster in charge of Ledgerdomain rather than apprehending her.
In "Couples Retreat", Charmcaster attempted to fill the void in her life with Darkstar, thinking he loved her while unaware that he is using her for her powers. When Ben's group arrive to Ledgerdomain after him, Charmcaster overheard Darkstar's history with Gwen, attacking her before learning of what kind of person he really is. Reluctant to accept the truth, Charmcaster accepts it when he is unable to remember her real name. Furious, Charmcaster expels Darkstar from Ledgerdomain and leaves him both powerless and at the mercy of Ben's group. Charmcaster stands alone in the ruins of her castle sadly gazing at Michael's mask that was left behind.
Stone Creatures[edit]
The Stone Creatures are rock monsters from Ledgerdomain that are often used by Charmcaster. They are large rock golem creatures with pink runes on their skin.
The first versions seen had small dog-like appearances.
The second versions seen had large humanoid appearances.
Zs'Skayr[edit]
Voiced by:
Steven Blum - Ben 10
Jeff Bennett - Ben 10: Alien Force
The secondary antagonist and he was originally one of Ben's aliens whose DNA was taken from Zs'Skayr. He learned about the Omnitrix when one of Vilgax's data probes crash landed and he read its data files. Not long after, he met up with Myaxx when she was scouting the planet for DNA samples and aided her in acquiring samples from the nearby planet of Flors Verdance (Wildvine's planet); however, unknown by Myaxx, Zs'Skayr possessed the Florauna (Wildvine's species) that was being sampled and thus Myaxx then got an Ectonurite-Flouarana hybrid sample. His personality lay dormant within the Codon Stream, as Ectonurites' personalities are tied to their DNA, the real Zs'Skayr has died sometime between then and the original series and a genetic clone was created in full power. Ghostfreak's original appearance was similar to that of a ghost with a black track along his skin but after freeing himself, he tore off the protective second skin to reveal Zs'Skayr's true form. He has the power to phase through matter and possess humans by going into them and controlling them, he also has telekinesis over beings he possesses and becomes far stronger if he's in complete darkness, which allows him to become even scarier in appearance and fire a powerful energy beam from his chest, however, without the second skin protecting him, sunlight can cause him to combust and die.
His mind lay within the DNA sample of Ghostfreak. He finally managed to force his way out of the Omnitrix in the episode "Ghostfreaked Out". After peeling off the protective layer of skin that normally covered him, he tried to take over Ben's body in order to become whole again. After a failed attempt to possess Ben, he coerced the Circus Freak Trio to help him by taking over Thumbskull and tossing him about the room in a show of force, he was destroyed when he was exposed to sunlight by Ben. Following this, Ben never used the form. In "The Return" and "Be Afraid of the Dark" where he is revived by Dr. Vicktor. Gathering a group of horror-themed aliens as minions, Vicktor enacted a plan to resurrect Zs'Skayr, whose master plan was to plunge the Earth into darkness, using Corrodium retrieved by the mummy alien in Under Wraps they set up a Corrodium beam that will block out light from the sun, allowing Ghostfreak to exist in eternal darkness. He is once again defeated by Ben who once again destroys Zs'Skayr with the light of the sun; however, Zs'Skayr got some of his DNA into Ben's Omnitrix. In that episode, Zs'Skayr himself is still intent on gaining control of the Omnitrix.
Zs'Skayr turns up alive in the Ben 10: Alien Force. After being removed from the Codon Stream, Zs'Skayr had apparently been imprisoned by the Galvans; Vilgax frees him on the condition that he tell him the secrets of the Omnitrix and the knowledge to defeat Ben, but Zs'Skayr betrays him and takes over Vilgax's home planet of Vilgaxia, possessing the citizens and turning them into his minions that resemble his sun shielded form. Vilgax then enlists the help of Ben to try to take Vilgaxia back. During the battle, Ben lets Zs'Skayr enter his body, returning the Ectonurite DNA to the Codon Stream, Ben transforms into Ghostfreak but the alien soon takes control of him and soon he tries to possess Vilgax, but is defeated by Vilgax and Ben changes back, but Ghostfreak is now back in the Omnitrix.
He was dubbed Ghostfreak by Ben for that is the name of his Ectonurite transformation.
Yenaldooshi[edit]
Yenaldooshi is a werewolf-like creature named by Navajo Indians under the impression that it was the actual creature of their folklore. And also the Benwolf's genetic donor
In reality, he is actually a Loboan from Anur Transyl's moon, Luna Lobo, sent by Dr. Viktor to steal communication equipment from the Navajo Indian reservation that Ben, Gwen, and Max were visiting in "Benwolf". Ben first fights against him, only to change back with the Loboan slashing the Omnitrix's faceplate causing the "Scan Mode", downloading his DNA, gradually change Ben into the form as the item was trapped between modes. Later, the Loboan appears to be killed by a cave-in, but actually survived as it completes its mission. In "Be Afraid of the Dark", it was revealed that the machine was part of Dr. Viktor's plan to cover the Earth in Corrodium radiation. When the Corrodium projector on the space station was destroyed, Yenaldooshi was presumably killed.
The Mummy[edit]
The Mummy is a Thep Khufan from the planet Anur Khufos, the genetic source of Benmummy. The Mummy was sent by Dr. Viktor to find a dangerous mutative element called Corrodium that crashed on Earth millions of years ago. During the alien's battle with Ben, the Mummy's DNA was scanned by the Omntrix before it was frozen solid by a liquid nitrogen device and buried under concrete with the Corridium. However, the Mummy is freed by the Yenaldooshi and completes his mission of giving Viktor a power source for his machine. In the end, the Mummy gets inadvertently sent into the Null Void alongside Viktor through an ill-timed use of his teleportation device.
Viktor[edit]
Voiced by:
Michael Dorn - Ben 10
Peter Stormare - Ben 10: Ultimate Alien (with King Xarion's mind)
Viktor is a Transylian from Anur Transyl (an alien resembling Frankenstein's monster) and also the Benviktor's genetic donor.
As Zs'Skayr's second in command, Doctor Viktor used his powers on a teleportation machine to send his comrades to their positions. When at NASA, he posed as a human to get a job at NASA to obtain the means to hijack a space shuttle while reviving his master to achieve their ultimate plan was to prevent the sun's light from reaching the earth using satellites. During the resulting battle, Ben accidentally had the Omitrix scan Viktor's DNA before he essentially defeats himself when an attempt to teleport Ben to an unspecified location, ended up with him and the Mummy getting tossed into the portal he created.
Viktor returns in Ben 10: Ultimate Alien, redesigned with two red eyes and a metal plate on his head, with lightning that is no longer purple but blue. Viktor was among Kevin's victims during the events of "Absolute Power", and then, Viktor was tossed into the Null Void. Between then and his return in "Viktor: The Spoils", Viktor ended up encased in ice and brain dead by the time he somehow ended up in the war-torn country of Zarkovia. However, originally intended as a weapon by his son Prince Gyula in order to dispose him, King Xarion transferred his mind into Viktor using a special contraption and Ben when he was passed out as AmpFibian. With Xarion's mind inside his body, the alien renamed himself King Viktor and nearly decimates the rebels before Ben's group encase him in a molten tank, vowing revenge on them for taking his birth right from him.
Eon[edit]
Portrayed by:
Christien Anholt - Ben 10: Race Against Time
Voiced by:
Yuri Lowenthal - Ben 10: Ultimate Alien (as Eon)
Sean Donnellan - Ben 10: Ultimate Alien (as Alternate Ben)
Judd Nelson - Ben 10: Omniverse
Eon is an alternate version of Ben that had gone rogue and wanted to eliminate all other versions of him. Eon is also a Codon Stream's DNA sample of a Chronian (a play on Chronos, Greek word for time) from the planet Chronia.
He was introduced in the first live-action movie "Ben 10: Race Against Time" within an alternate timeline. Eon has a plan to activate the "Hands of Armageddon", a Chronian artifact that exists throughout time and space, in many alternate timelines. He uses ape-like aliens to help him use the Omnitrix to turn Ben into a younger version of himself showing some control of the watch, due to the fact that the Hands of Armageddon needed the energy of a young Chronian to activate, he also deactivated the fail safe so his DNA would completely overtake Ben's personality, essentially changing him into a clone of himself and leaves the scene of the crime seemingly wiping himself from existence as "two of the same beings cannot exist in the same place at the same time". As Eon, Ben activates the Hands of Armageddon which will start an alien invasion, but returns to normal after Gwen manages to reach Ben inside young Eon. The real Eon appears again and tries to exact his revenge, but Ben manages to send him crashing into the Hands of Armageddon, destroying it in that timeline in a huge explosion.
Eon returned in Ben 10: Ultimate Alien episode "Ben 10,000 Returns." It turns out that "Race Against Time" was in an alternate timeline. As it turns out, Eon survived his battle against the Ben of that timeline, and has since been traveling through various different timelines, enslaving versions of Ben wherever he finds them. When he comes to the real Ben (20 years from Ultimate Alien), Ben 10,000 sends him 20 years earlier to present day Ben. They eventually find out that he was absorbing the Bens, making them into his minions, and that he's a corrupt Ben Tennyson wanting to eliminate all other Bens and become the one and only Ben in the whole time-space continuum. They realized that Eon was hunting them from inside their Ultimatrixes. However, Eon was defeated when the Hand of Armageddon was destroyed with the Bens he absorbed sent back to their realities.
In the Ben 10: Omniverse episode "Ben Again," wanting to regain power over the multiverse, Eon switches Ben's mind with his younger version in a plan to take Paradox's Chrono Navigator before deciding to destroy reality when he learns he caused a temporal disruption. Luckily, Ben and his past self use their respective Clockwork forms to trap Eon between their timelines and undo the damage he caused.
Eon's Servants[edit]
Eon's Servants are the servants of Eon. They are apparently black except for their faces. They also wear a tunic and a helmet with mirror effects. When unmasked, their faces resemble a pig-nosed ogre with wrinkled skin and closed eyes.
In "Ben 10,000 Returns," Eon's Servants all look like Ben.
In "Ben Again," they are robots.
Introduced in Alien Force[edit]

The Highbreed[edit]
Atasians call themselves as Highbreed, they are xenophobic alien races from the planet Augstaka that serve as the primary antagonists of the first half of Ben 10: Alien Force.
The Highbreed are very strong, they have wings that let them fly and also shoot claw darts from their hands. They can open their chest up, revealing root-like tentacles they can use to drink water from the ground. They have difficulty surviving and operating in warmer climates, which cause them to quickly dehydrate if they do not find water.
They considered themselves as the highest life-form in the universe, due to the Highbreed believing that their DNA is the purest of all alien species, they have tried to maintain their blood purity for so long that it has led to much inbreeding. This idea of racial purity has become their undoing, because lack of genetic diversity in the Highbreed gene pool has led the Highbreed's immune system to become weak, making them vulnerable to infection, disease and sterility; their entire race was rendered completely sterile and without children, the Highbreed would become extinct. When the Highbreed were dying out but didn't wish to do so alone, spurring their xenocidal rampage throughout the universe to extreme levels. They wanted to take the rest of the universe with them by driving any species they find or encountered and bring them to extinction like they were. They are fiercely loyal to their commander and for them obeying order and dying is more important for them to live.
The Highbreed are racist to the extent they believe that their DNA is the purest of all alien species and seek to cleanse the universe of "lower life forms". To achieve this, they sent advance forces of Highbreed and Xenocytes. They built massive teleporter gates in secret, through which the main Highbreed armada arrives and destroys the natives and their planet.
In "War of the Worlds" Pt. 2, Ben used the Omnitrix to reconstruct the DNA of all Highbreeds with the DNA of the aliens in the Codon Stream. The shock of losing the genetic consistency that had been a pillar of their cultural identity for so long drives the council to immediately consider committing mass suicide as their only remaining honorable route. Reinrassic III then appears and convinces them that Ben helped them live again. The council then elects Reinrassic the new Highbreed Supreme and he declares that the war is over.
Different VAs have voiced the Highbreed: Dee Bradley Baker, Paul Eiding, Robert David Hall, and Richard McGonagle, and Kevin Michael Richardson.
DNAliens[edit]
DNAliens are alien races who were infected by Xenocytes, alien leeches artificially mass-produced by the Highbreed that attached to a host. Once attached, the Xenocytes alter their hosts mind while gradually fusing onto them to transform the hosts into DNAliens. Serving the Highbreed as sacrificial drones, the DNAliens share their masters' speciesist ideals. They thrive on cold weather, so fire damages them beyond repair. Throughout the Ben 10 Alien Force series, Ben and his friends encountered DNAliens created from human hosts. As a result of its user being human, the Omnitrix can undo the process as the Codon Stream recognizes the Xenocytes as non-sapient.
The Xenocytes and the DNAliens returned in Ben 10: Ultimate Alien episode "Simian Says", when the Arachnichimp mercenary Simian stole a Xenocyte Queen and sold it to a crime lord on his homeworld named Mizaru. When he released the Xenocyte, it infected him and began spreading more Xenocytes throughout all of Aranhaschimmia. A twist in this was that Mizaru actually gained control of the Xenocyte Queen which latched onto his head. Eunice, with the help of Simian and Ben's team, were able to reverse the effect and cure all the Arachnachimps while killing the queen.
In the "Ben 10: Omniverse" episode "Special Delivery," only one see in Ben`s flashback is defeat by Ben in Big Chill.
Different VAs has voiced the DNAliens: Dee Bradley Baker, Jeff Bennett, Greg Cipes, Diane Delano, Paul Eiding, Will Friedle, Wallace Langham, and Richard McGonagle.
Argit[edit]
Voiced by:
Alexander Polinsky - Ben 10: Alien Force, Ben 10: Ultimate Alien & Ben 10: Omniverse
Argit is a rodent-like alien who was one of Kevin's former associates and a minor criminal, able to use his quills to knock people out. He's a known con-man who seems to always owe someone money, thus he's normally seen trying to make money either for his own gain, or to pay off his debts. Caring more bout himself, Argit more than willing to betray others to secure his wealth and/or safety as he admitted to have sold his own mother.
He first appears in Alien Force episode, "Kevin's Big Score", making a deal with Kevin and stealng the Rustbucket from him for a profit. Since then, Argit made reoccurring appearances. He reappears in Ultimate Alien episode, "Andreas' Fault", where he destroys the Forever Knights' castles with the help of Andreas. Though he seemed to care for Andreas, he shamelessly took advantage over the Talpaedan's innocence and expressed no remorse over his presumed death to Kevin's disgust
In "Enemy of my Enemy", Argit took advantage of him being targeted by Ultimate Kevin to carry out a job by Pa Vreedle to make sure his sons congratulate from the Plumber academy. Though he succeeded, and surviving Kevin, he was arrested soon after. Argit later appeared in "The Purge" and "Greetings from Techadon".
In the Omniverse episode "So Long, and Thanks for All the Smoothies?", Argit is hired by Milleous to obtain the Annihilarg doomsday device with disastrous results. Luckily, Ben uses Alien X to recreate the universe and Argit ends up in Plumber custody.
In "Many Happy Returns", Argit was the one who revealed Kevin's whereabouts to Princess Looma, claiming she made him tell her. He also repeatedly tries to reveal information that Kevin is withholding, but each time Kevin knocks him on the head, knocking him unconscious in the end.
In Special Delivery he see in Psyphon`s background.
Darkstar[edit]
Voiced by:
Wil Wheaton - Ben 10: Alien Force and Ben 10: Ultimate Alien
Michael Murphy "Mike" Morningstar is the son of a Plumber. He is initially depicted as a well-mannered individual from an upper-class family and a menagerie of Plumber technology. However, he shows a very uncaring attitude to others around him. Furthermore, he is a vampire-like being, his abilities allow him to absorb energy of another living being to gain the ability to project energy bolts, fly, superhuman strength and stamina, and healthier-looking skin. His victims, on the hand, become zombie-like and loyal to him. Morningstar's powers are a vicious cycle: the more life force energy he drains from others, the stronger and more powerful he becomes. But the more power he gains, the greater his hunger for power becomes. When Morningstar's activities were found out by Ben's group, he pretended to help the group get to the bottom of it and wins the Tennysons' trust, especially Gwen's.
Once revealing himself to be the cause for the zombified schoolgirls, Morningstar drained Gwen's energy to become near invincible as he easily defeating both Ben and Kevin. However, Gwen proved to have enough will to resist his control, and drained her energy back from him, as well as part of his own, leaving him weakened as his zombie victims followed suit, reducing him to being almost desiccated and powerless.
As a result, Morningstar's face is permanently zombified as he dons a metal helmet as a mask and now calls himself Darkstar, his powers having gradually returned much stronger and gaining new abilities to manipulate dark energy to absorb life force and shoot powerful blasts. In "Darkstar Rising", Darkstar decided to get revenge by getting Ben's group arrested by Magister Prior Gilhil for impersonating Plumbers and by making a deal with a Highbreed that he defeated. When the Highbreed did his part of the deal, Darkstar tried to absorb Ben, Gwen, Kevin, the Highbreed and Gilhil's life force energy but he was unable to absorb Gwen's because she escaped. He later captured Ben, Kevin, the Highbreed, and Ghilhil and was about to absorb all of their life force energy when Gwen came in with a group of DNAliens in which he was unable to absorb all of them because of fatigue. He was defeated by Ben and he was arrested by Magister Ghilhil, being thrown to the Null Void. Darkstar later manipulates Kevin, who at the time was dealing with his Omnitrix-induced deformity, into helping him get the Dominus Librium so it can solve their mutual issues during the events of "Trade Off". But once Kevin realizes, he reverses the process with the slab destroyed and Darkstar rendered powerless.
Darkstar later resurfaces in the Ben 10: Ultimate Alien two-part episode "Absolute Power", now forced to feed off the energy of stray animals just to survive while not attracting attention. He was later found and recruited by Gwen to stop Ultimate Kevin, changing his face back to normal as payment. He reveals that he kept a fragment of the Dominus Librium when it had exploded, though effective if exposed to a strong energy surge would make it usable again. Though Darkstar plotted to use the situation to absorbs Ultimate Kevin's acquired energies to become all powerful, Ben anticipated this plot and had Cooper create a mechanism in the machine to revert the process of the absorption and send the energy back to its proper owners. Afterwards, Kevin punches Darkstar in retaliation for their last meeting. Darkstar reappeared in "Couples Retreat", his face now zombified again as he attempted to enter Ledger Domain to acquire it mana. As a result, tricked Charmcaster in thinking he has romantic feelings for her to be infused with mana. When Ben, Gwen and Kevin got in Ledger Domain, Charmcaster learns of what kind of person Darkstar truly is before exiling him from her realm while leaving him powerless and at the mercy of Ben's group. Charmcaster stands alone in the ruins of her castle sadly gazing at Michael's mask that was left behind.
In the "Ben 10: Omniverse" episode "Special Delivery," Darkstar makes a cameo at Psyphon's auction.
The Incurseans[edit]
The Incurseans (Spanish word for "invasion") are a race of violent toad-like aliens with New York accents, forced to become spacefarers after the eon-long civil war on their homeworld ended a millennia ago when one Incursean stole Ascalon from Azmuth and destroyed the Incursion homeworld from misusing the weapon. Though making small appearances in earlier episodes, the Incursions become more of a threat during arc 3 of the Ben 10: Omniverse series until Milleous is removed from power with Attea taking over.
Emperor Milleous[edit]
Voiced by:
Kevin Michael Richardson – Ben 10: Alien Force and Ben 10: Omniverse.
Emperor Milleous, usually announced by a longer title is usually cut off,(Hail Lord Emperor Milleous, light of the Incursean empire, keeper of the conquest ray, all living creatures tremble in your ...) is the ruler of the Incursean Empire. He is rather indifferent, seemingly having no concern for the well being of others with his family included as he had his wife imprisoned. Milleous first appear in "X = Ben + 2", when his daughter Princess Attea was abducted by Sevenseven and taken to Earth. Milleous was willing to destroy the entire planet without a second thought as he had Pluto destroyed as a practice shot. However, Attea had paid Sevenseven more money to help her overthrow her father. Once Swampfire defeated the Incursions and Sevenseven, Emperor Milleous has Attea incarcerated with her mother and canceled the attack on Earth. Milleous made a brief cameo at the end of the "Ben 10: Ultimate Alien" episode "Simian Says" where he had received a DNA altering ray gun from Simian.
In the Omniverse episode "So Long, and Thanks for All the Smoothies," Emperor Milleous hired Argit to obtain the Annihilarg doomsday device before personally attempting to take it with his men. Milleous later started a campaign to conquer the universe with Earth to be the cornerstone. In the two-part episode "The Frogs of War," Emperor Milleous led the invasion of Earth and even got Ben to surrender upon unleashing to mutated To'kustars on Earth. However, due to Attea's scheme, Milleous is defeated and in Plumber custody.
Princess Attea[edit]
Voiced by:
Tara Strong – Ben 10: Alien Force and Ben 10: Omniverse
Attea is the daughter of Milleous, making her princess of the Incursean Empire. First appearing in "X = Ben + 2", Attea was abducted by Sevenseven and taken to Earth. However, though her father was attempting to retrieve her, Attea paid Sevenseven more money to help her overthrow her father. Once Swampfire defeated the Incurseans and Sevenseven, Milleous has Attea incarcerated with her mother.
Attea returned a few years later during the "Ben 10: Omniverse" series, now a teen and serving as a general in the Incursean army. However, still intent of overthrowing her father, Attea could not pull it off due be constantly under supervision. Her attempts to conquer planet Peptos XI and eliminate Vilgax to diminish Vilgaxia's morale were both thwarted by Ben. Though her conquest Revonnah also failed, Attea gathered what remained of the mind control serum she had Dr. Psychobos develop to give her father use of the Way Bads to force Ben off Earth during the events of the "Frogs of War". However, after Milleous is captured, Attea revealed that she planned her father's defeat from the beginning and is allowed to leave in return to end her kind's intergalactic conquest. Attea also seems to have an interest in Ben as Bullfrag even though she still flirts with him when he is human.
Raff[edit]
Voiced by:
James Arnold Taylor - Ben 10: Alien Force
Eric Bauza - Ben 10 : Omniverse
Raff is the commander of the Incursean Empire, Emperor Milleous's right-hand man, and one of Kevin's old friends. He first appeared in "X = Ben + 2" where he arrived on Earth to look for Princess Attea after she was captured by Sevenseven.
Raff appears in the "Ben 10: Omiverse" episode "Tummy Trouble" as Attea's advisor during her invasion of Peptos XI.
In "Rad," Commander Raff leads the Incurseans into capturing a Plumbers' ship.
Sevenseven[edit]
Voiced by:
Dee Bradley Baker - Ben 10: Alien Force and Ben 10: Ultimate Alien
Vocal Effects provided by Audio Circus - Ben 10 : Omniverse
Sevenseven is an alien bounty hunter who is from the same species as Sixsix, but far more dangerous. Much like Sixsix, he does not speak a word of English, even when talking to those who do, but other aliens have been shown to understand him. Unlike Sixsix, who uses weapons hidden in compartments of his armor, Sevenseven's hands can transform into various weapons and tools. It is mentioned that Sevenseven is Sixsix's older brother.
In "X = Ben + 2", Sevenseven had captured Princess Attea near Earth causing Emperor Milleous to target Earth for destruction. Princess Attea later paid him to help overthrow her father, but both of them were defeated by Ben.
Sevenseven returns in Ben 10: Ultimate Alien in "Hit 'Em Where They Live", he attempts to kill Ben's mom. Fortunately, Max stops him by making his jetpack overload so that it launches him into the sky. In Big Story he confront Gwen and Kevin in a factory but is defeat with easy by Rath.
Sevenseven returns in Ben 10 Omniverse in Vilgax Must Croak in company of his brother Sixsix and sister Eighteight who are hired by Attea to murder Vilgax but his plans fail when Ben, Rook and Plumbers group's defeat them.
Albedo[edit]
Voiced by:
Yuri Lowenthal - Ben 10: Alien Force and Ben 10: Ultimate Alien (in Galvan and Ben forms)
Eric Bauza - Ben 10: Omniverse (in Galvan form)
Albedo is a brilliant, albeit arrogant, rude and sociopathic Galvan. He was originally Azmuth's assistant, having first met Ben during the events of "Trouble Helix" where he played a role in Malware's evolution despite attempting to kill him. But later, taking Azmuth's refusal to make him an Omnitrix hard, Albedo he built his own. However, though it functioned like Ben's, the Omnitrix that Albedo made was of inferior quality and turned him into a clone of Ben as the result of the two Omnitrixes being synchronized. As a result, Albedo also developed many of Ben's cravings and habits, which he considers utterly repulsive: Developing a craving for chili fries, even more than Ben himself, calling it a "human weakness" and denying having a liking for them.
Formally introducing himself in "Good Copy Bad Copy", Albedo tried to get Ben's Omnitrix, believing it would be able to turn him back to his original form. When Ben eventually met him during his rampage at a Forever Knight castle, Albedo pretended to be the creator of the Omnitrix, accusing Azmuth of being a liar, and asked Ben to give it back to him. When Ben realized that he was lying, he refused and Albedo attacked him in order to take his Omnitrix by force. After clashing with him twice, their Omnitrixes locked with each other, almost causing a feedback that could have destroyed a whole galaxy. During the process, Albedo's human form was damaged as he becomes white-haired and his clothes becoming red. Azmuth then arrived and put back Albedo's Omnitrix's head plate, staying his as a human and sending him to prison in the Null Void. In the series finale "The Final Battle", Albedo eventually escapes from the Null Void, teams up with Vilgax, stealing the Ultimatrix and completing it with pieces from his broken Omnitrix and tools given by Vilgax, yet could return to his original form. Vilgax then offered him an alliance, promising he would let him get Ben's Omnitrix. Though not really trusting him, Albedo accepted and helped him. Despite the alliance being a success, Vilgax now double-crossed Albedo and made him his prisoner. After the Omnitrix was destroyed, Ben freed Albedo and forced him to hand over the Ultimatrix by triggering the self-destruct command.
Marooned on Earth after Vilgax's ship exploded, Albedo has been running "show business" and playing the role Ben in his live action show, "Ben 10: Live", hiring three aliens to play Ben's top most popular aliens: Swampfire, Humungousaur, and Big Chill. Albedo intended to use the money to buy equipment in order to return to his Galvan form and leave Earth. However, not wanting the troupe to break up, the Vaxasaurian actor named Hugh lied to Ben's group that Albedo intended to build a Doomsday Bomb that will turn everyone on Earth into copies of Ben. But after Ben interfered, Albedo explains the device's purpose and how it both enabled him to shape-shift without an Omnitrix and have no more reason to kill Ben. However, Ben's Ultimatrix caused the device to make Albedo's human form permanent, driving Albedo to attack Ben with his new powers before being knocked out and left in Hugh's care.
In "Night of the Living Nightmare," Albedo attempts to get even with Ben, by using a Dream Eater to trap him in a nightmare version of Bellwood, only to end up being the one subjected to the Dream Eater.
He reappears in a flashback in the episode "Trouble Helix", in his Galvan form.He will reappear in the ultimate Heist in Ben 10 ominverse.

The Queen[edit]
Voiced by:
Wendy Cutler - Ben 10: Alien Swarm
Herbert Siguenza - Ben 10: Alien Swarm (in Victor's body)
Tia Texada - Ben 10: Ultimate Alien (in Elena's body)
The Queen is a Nanochip, a biomechanical beings shaped like nano-chips from the "Hive Planets". The Queen produces the Hive from her body and later, after she takes up residence in Victor Validus's body she produces them from there; they have the ability to take over a person's mind. However, The Queen transferred herself into the body of Elena Validus after leaving a decoy queen in Victor that is destroyed by Nanomech. In "Revenge of the Swarm", having fully integrated with her host's mind, the Queen influences Elena with her desires to keep Ben away from Julie in order to keep Ben all to herself. Ultimately, when she used the drones in an attempt to choke Ben to death, Elena was convinced by Julie to stop all this if she really loved Ben and took control over herself for a moment to sacrificed herself to destroy the Hive. However, the Queen survived as she and the Hive constructed a new body in Elena's likeness. Acting on Elena's feelings for Ben during the events of "The Perfect Girlfriend", the Queen attempts to steal him by assuming Julie's form. However, seeing that shes knows nothing about love, the Queen resolves to hate Ben instead and vows revenge on him.
Psyphon[edit]
Voiced by:
Dee Bradley Baker - Ben 10: Alien Force, Ben 10: Ultimate Alien & Ben 10: Omniverse
Psyphon (possibly a play on siphon, meaning drain or leach, due to his aid in draining the heroes of the conquered worlds) is Vilgax's servant and right hand man. He is extremely loyal to Vilgax and follows his will completely; helping him to drain all the powers of the heroes of the 10 worlds he had conquered.
Psyphon returns in Ben 10: Ultimate Alien episode "Reflected Glory", he seeks to avenge his master's defeat by destroying Ben's "puppet masters", Cash and JT, bringing with him three R.E.D.s (short for Robotic Extermination Devices). In that episode, he displayed the power to fly, create red energy beams and barriers, and had enough physical strength to pummel Ultimate Spidermonkey into submission. He was weakened when JT and Cash used a Power Decoupler to drain out his energies. He then appears in the 2-part episode "The Ultimate Enemy" where he helps Vilgax absorbs Diagon.
Psyphon appears in Ben 10: Omniverse, having become slightly buffed as he intended to become his own master by setting up a protection racket based in Undertown. However, in "The More Things Change" 2-parter, Psyphon was becoming interested in Rook's arsenal during their fight. Psyphon and his henchmen are defeated and arrested by the Plumbers. In "Outbreak," Psyphon ending up being accidentally turned into Pyronite. He was restored to his original form when Blukic and Driba get the Omnitrix fixed. In "Special Delivery," Psyphon auctions off a Dwarf Star that Corvo was to bring to him but accidentally grabbed one of Ben's delivery bags by mistake. When Ben gets his hands on the Dwarf Star, Psyphon attacked him with the aid of Fistina, Zombozo, Trumbipular, the Vreedle Brothers, Fistrick, Vulkanus, Sundar, and Seebik. When Ben defeats most of them, Psyphon absorbs the powers of the Dwarf Star. When Ben becomes Toepick, he reveals Toepick's face enough to scare Psyphon and claim the Dwarf Star.
R.E.D.[edit]
The R.E.D.s (short for Robotic Extermination Devices) are red square-shaped robots that work for Psyphon. Three R.E.D.s first appear in "Reflected Glory" where Psyphon used them on Ben's "puppet masters" Cash and JT. They were tricked and destroyed by Gwen and Kevin.
The R.E.D.s appear in Ben 10 Ultimate Alien: Cosmic Destruction. During the game, Psyphon mentioned that they only react to his button commands. The R.E.D.s come in different models ranging from R.E.D.S Grunt, R.E.D.S Melee, R.E.D.S Sniper, R.E.D.S Ranged, R.E.D.S Lieutenant, and R.E.D.S Elite.
Ssserpent[edit]
Voiced by:
Dee Bradley Baker - Ben 10: Alien Force and Ben 10: Ultimate Alien
Ssserpent is a snake-like alien able to shed his skin, introducing himself as the "serpent that walks like man." He was first introduced in the "Vengeance of Vilgax" 2-parter, proving too tough for Gwen and Kevin before being easily defeated by the arrival of Cannonbolt. Since then, Ssserpent's appearances since have him suffering defeat by Ben's alien forms. However, in "The Perfect Girlfriend", Ssserpent had learned from his mistakes and managed to set up an arrangement for Ben to use Goop so he can trap him to a giant centrifuge. Though Goop was saved by the police before the damage got too severe, Sserpent escaped.
The Vreedle Brothers[edit]
Voiced by:
John DiMaggio - Octagon Vreedle - Ben 10: Alien Force, Ben 10: Ultimate Alien & Ben 10: Omniverse
Rob Paulsen - Rhomboid Vreedle - Ben 10: Alien Force, Ben 10: Ultimate Alien & Ben 10: Omniverse
Octagon and Rhomboid Vreedle a pair of "Repo men" whose occupation included bounty hunting and mercenaries for hire who happen to be the sons of the infamous criminal Ma Vreedle. Octagon is the older brother, slightly more intelligent with more mature, serious and down-to-earth personality, yet can still be easily tricked such as when Gwen distracted him and his brother with bubble wrap. Rhomboid is the least intelligent of the siblings who is the brawn of the two with a habit of always blowing things up with a large weapon. As he is the younger brother, despite being larger in size, he usually follows Octagon's orders with occasional foul-ups on his end. The Vreedle Brothers are physically weaker than most of Ben's enemies and appear to be no stronger than a normal human. However they make up for this with a large arsenal of various Alien weapons; and have a tendency to blow things up, which results in them having numerous run-ins with the law.
The Vreedles are revealed to be multiple clone pairs created by their parents, one of which is the infamous criminal Ma Vreedle, using an "expired cloning kit". Being basically defective clones, the Vreedles have very limited intelligence that often serves as a comical resort in the show; although, they seem to be somewhat smarter than Appoplexians (Rath's species). However, being "spoiled" (defective) clones, this gives the Vreedles a form of semi-immortality, meaning even if they are killed, another "set" of clones will take their place. According to Octagon, due to their tendency to blow things up, they have been killed by explosions several times in the past. Each "set" of clones appear to retain most if not all the memories of the previous "set".
They first appear in "Vreedle, Vreedle", hired by Baz-El to return Ship back for him. After Judge Domstol found the case in favor of Ben, Baz-El ordered the Vreedle Brothers to drop from their mission, but they denied that request causing them to be fended off by Ben and Kevin. In "Busy Box", attempting to steal it only to bring it back when it proved too much for them, the Vreedles were destroyed by the Naljian Destructor destroyed their ship in mid-flight. In appearances soon after, Ben's group encounters another pair of Vreedles with Rhomboid blabbing about their origins as clones.
Another "set" of Vreedle returns in Ben 10: Ultimate Alien episode "The Enemy of My Enemy", where their father enlisted them to the Plumbers' Academy, sending Argit to fix their grade upon learning they are failing in their exams. When Ultimate Kevin attacked, the Vreedles tried to help by using a nuclear bomb grenade against him, unaware that the device would kill everyone in the vicinity. After Kevin left, following his advice to pretend they do not know him to the letter, the Vreedles arrest Argit on Magister Korwak's orders.
The Vreedle Brothers appeared in the Mother of all Vreedles" where they were back to their old roots by their mother and helped her create clones of their younger brother Preety Boy Vreedle with Earth's oceans. After their mother tried to dispose of them, Vreedles resolve to arrest their mother with Ben's group promising not to reveal the brothers' moral relapse. Unfortunately as revealed in Ben 10: Omniverse, the Vreedles accidentally blew up the entire Plumber academy in a moment of weakness and have been on the run since. They make their return in "So Long, and Thanks for All the Smoothies?", getting their hands on the Annihilarg without thinking of the consequences of it until it was too late.
In "Special Delivery," the Vreedle Brothers are among those who help Psyphon to fight Ben and reclaim the Dwarf Star.
They also appear in Cartoon Network's Punch Time Explosion as an assist characters with a synergy attack with Mojo Jojo.
Sunder[edit]
Voiced by:
Powers Boothe - Ben 10: Alien Force and Ben 10: Ultimate Alien
David Kaye - Ben 10: Omniverse
Sunder the Retriever is an alien bounty hunter. He has an axe which is able slice through things. It can also send whatever it slices to a different dimension, as he was able to send Ben (minus his Omnitrix hand) to the Null Void. He also uses a Hover Board for transportation; inside he has many gadgets, to use or to sell.
He was sent by Vilgax to pursue Ben and to try to remove the Omnitrix using his energy axe to bring to his master, sending Ben to the Null Void, but left only Ben's left hand on Earth. When the hand is found by Julie, she brings it to Gwen and Kevin. Kevin invented a machine to bring Ben back; it was a success except that Ben's left hand is now in the Null Void. As Sunder charges toward the group, Kevin activates the machine again and restores Ben's left hand to his body but sending Sunder to the Null Void. Sunder was then seen trying to reclaim his axe from one of the alien creatures there.
Sunder returns in "Ben 10: Ultimate Alien" episode "The Transmogrification of Eunice" where he was released from Null Void and sent by Azmuth to retrieve the Unitrix (which turned into Eunice). Ben convinces Azmuth to let Eunice have a normal life and be one of his assistants as he always needs a helping hand tending Primus, as it needs some help and care. Before teleporting away with Azmuth and Eunice, Sunder asks Azmuth if he is still getting paid for his services.
In Omniverse, Sunder resumed his attempt to take the Omnitrix as seen in "Have I Got a Deal for You". This time, he is now shown wearing a helmet. He attacks Ben in Undertown and is sent flying by Shocksquatch.
He reappears in "Special Delivery" where he assists Psyphon in claiming the Dwarf Star. Ben was able to defeat him easily.
Introduced in Ultimate Alien[edit]

Will Harangue[edit]
Voiced by:
John DiMaggio - Ben 10: Ultimate Alien and Ben 10: Omniverse
Will Harangue is a loud-vocaled television newscaster who hosts "The Harangue Nation" on cable. Since Ben's action became public knowledge, possibly to garner ratings, Harangue launched a smear campaign against Ben and constantly tries to denounce him as a threat to humanity. However, though still getting on Ben's nerves whenever he watches Harague's show, only a few actually bought into his propaganda.
Harangue had gotten his hands dirty starting in "Video Games" where he has Oliver Thompson aid him in tricking Ben into showing all his aliens' moves to give his giant robot "the Stalker" an advantage. But after the Stalker is eventually dismantled by Ben as Nanomech before becoming Way Big to crush the robot while "accidentally" dropping it on his car, Harangue covered his tracks by firing Thompson and altering the footage to portray Ben in a negative light.
In "Hero Time", Will Harangue worked with Captain Nemesis in a plot to have Captain Nemesis outdo Ben. He even arranged a contest between Ben Tennyson and Captain Nemesis with Jennifer Nocturne as his field correspondent. After Ben as Four Arms beat Captain Nemesis in the final event revolving around tug-of-war, Will Harangue commented that he can't say Ben cheated, but will let the viewer decide. After Captain Nemesis was arrested following his defeat at the hands of Ben, Will Harangue commented on this stating that a good man did terrible things all in the pursuit to stop the "menace that is Ben Tennyson."
In "The Big Story," Jimmy Jones appears on Will Harangue's TV show where Will reports that Ben (actually a plant clone of Ben) is working for a giant Plant Monster. Although he acknowledges Jimmy for providing photos of Ben as aliens, Will does not seem to take him seriously. In "The Mother of All Vreedles," Will Harangue reports on a meteor.
Returning in the 2-part Omniverse series episode "The Frogs of War", Harangue launched a smear campaign on Ben for the escaping aliens from Undertown. But once the Incursions conquered Earth, Harangue sided with the current occupation to broadcast propaganda based news as he claimed that the World Leaders had "exiled" Ben and had welcomed the Incursions as their saviors.
Aggregor[edit]
Voiced by:
John DiMaggio - Ben 10: Ultimate Alien
Aggregor (a play on "Aggregate") is an intergalactic criminal Osmosian (Kevin's inherited species) from Osmos V.
Aggregor is the main antagonist in the first season of Ben 10: Ultimate Alien. Like Kevin, he can absorb any type of matter and energy and use them by the force of his will, with his own natural abilities or with his staff, and like Vilgax, he uses robots as his army rather than living soldiers, but unlike Vilgax and the Highbreed, Aggregor prefers to carry out his plans himself rather than let his henchmen do the work for him. In addition, he is a highly skilled hand-to-hand combatant and cares a powerful spear, Aggregor can use this weapon like a staff or spear to stab targets or to fire blasts of red energy that can disrupt other energy fields, stun targets or disrupt machinery.
His plot was known as "the Ultimate Prize": which consists to kidnap five of the aliens of different species from the Andromeda Galaxy so he could drain them all of their powers and abilities with a machine he built back on his home world. Then he plans upon using their combined powers and abilities to become strong enough to survive for a search for and reassemble the four fragments of the Map of Infinity, so he can find and get to the Forge of Creation to absorb the powers of a newly born Celestialsapien (Alien X's species) and became omnipotent.
Though forced to rely on other means, Aggregor manages to absorb the aliens' powers where they faded away in the process and becomes unstoppable, and he didn't needed his soldiers or a ship. Also manages to obtain all four pieces of the Map of Infinity, although he was unable to achieve his prize when Kevin absorbed the Ultimatrix aliens and defeated Aggregor, absorbing his powers, turning back to his original form. Aggregor was eventually handed over to the Plumbers.
Aggregor's Soldiers[edit]
Aggregor's Soldiers are the servants of Aggregor. They appear as humanoid robots compared to Vilgax's drones.
Carl Nesmith[edit]
Voiced by:
Christopher McDonald – Ben 10: Ultimate Alien
Carl Nesmith was a famous super-hero known as Captain Nemesis, a great American icon, and Ben's idol. He stated that he'd been a hero before Ben was even born, and his long services made him rich and famous, having his own weapon-making company and comic book series. But in reality, he is a greedy gloryhound and a fraud who recently stages all criminal activities he seemingly stopped to get fame and fortune.
He was first introduced in "Hero Time", where his faked kidnapping ploy with famous actress Jennifer Nocturne to get him back on the news was foiled by Ben, which developed an insane jealousy rivalry with Ben. After a second attempt to get back credit was again unwillingly spoiled by Ben, Captain Nemesis proposed a "friendly competition" between the two of them to see who the best was. Though he was able to win one test thanks to an Ultimatrix malfunction, he ended up being humiliated by Ben, ruining his image.
After his defeat, Carl was jealous and rancorous toward Ben, and upgraded his armor in a dangerous way to get revenge on him. He then kidnapped Julie and Jennifer, for he uses them to bring Ben to him for a rematch. Captain Nemesis endangered Julie and Jennifer's lives to force Ben through a "no-win" situation game; Ben saved Julie, while Gwen and Kevin saved Jennifer. During this time, Carl expressed a disgust and disillusionment for having "wasted" his life saving pathetic people like Ben, so he renamed himself Overlord, stating that Captain Nemesis is retired. After defeated, he is then arrested by the police. Will Harangue reported on this and commented that a good man did terrible things all in the pursuit to stop "the menace that is Ben Tennyson."
Carl Nesmith returns in "Catch a Falling Star" where he breaks out of prison with help from Jennifer Nocturne (who had developed Stockholm syndrome feelings for him due to her personal life crisis). Though getting plastic surgery to look younger so not to be recognized by the police, Nesmith was still bent on getting revenge on Ben. However, having feelings for Jennifer, Carl returns to jail when she is injured and covers up her role in his escape.
Computron[edit]
Voiced by:
Dee Bradley Baker - Ben 10: Ultimate Alien
The Computrons are series of organic purging robots that were imprisoned in the timeless Dimension 12. Serving as his enemies, Captain Nemesis used them for his publicity before Ben joined the fight using Armodrillo and Jetray to wipe out the majority while Captain Nemesis punched off the lead Computron's head. The Computron Robots later appeared in "Girl Trouble" where they were seen stealing oil to make their fusion bomb as part of a plot to avenge the lead Computron. They were sent back into Dimension 12 by Ben, Gwen, Antonio, and Sunny while Kevin disarmed the fusion bomb.
In "Arrested Development," it was revealed that Billy Billions encountered the Computron Robots when he was accidentally sent into Dimension 12. Billions managed to create a pocket watch-like device that would enable him to control the Computron Robots and have them build a portal that would take him back to Earth while using them to kill Ben. However, once the device overloads, the Computron Robots revert to their programing objectives with Billion aiding Ben in sending the Computron Robots back into Dimension 12.
Trumbipulor[edit]
Voiced by:
Dee Bradley Baker - Ben 10: Ultimate Alien
Eric Bauza - Ben 10: Omniverse
Trumbipulor is an elephant-like alien.
He first appears in the episode "Basic Training" where he was seen committing illegal trading of Level 3 technology until he was defeated by Ben, Gwen, and Kevin and arrested by the Plumbers.
In "The Purge," Ben, Gwen, and Kevin fought Trumbipulor again. Ben fought him as NRG, but Trumbipulor escapes
In the Omniverse episode "Blukic & Driba Go to Mr. Smoothy's," Trumbipulor was redesigned with smaller ears and his mouth is now at the end of his trunk. Trumbipulor fought Ben and Rook in order to find the "absolute power" which turned out to be peanuts. When Trumbipulor's kind eats peanuts, they grow to large size. As Echo Echo, Ben took advantage of Trumbipulor's super-hearing and blasted him with sound waves.
In "Special Delivery," Trumbipulor is seen at Psyphon's auction. He is among those who help Psyphon fight Ben and reclaim the Dwarf Star that was to be auctioned off.
Dagon[edit]
Voiced by:
John DiMaggio - Ben 10: Ultimate Alien
Dagon (named after Dagon) is an thousand years old energy-based cephalopod-like inter-dimensional being and the main antagonist of the season finale of Ben 10: Ultimate Alien.
He was claimed to visit Earth during the Middle Ages, and gave humans advanced technology. He is believed to have sworn to come back to Earth to bring the "Golden Age", claiming he will bring more alien technology and make Earth a Utopia. But actually, he tried to invade this dimension in a "dragon" form with the help of his Lucubra army. He was banished back to his dimension when Sir George defeated him by cutting out his heart with the sword Ascalon that was given by Azmuth.
He was first mentioned in "Flame Keepers' Circle" where Vilgax was mistaken by the Flame Keepers' Circle and they thought he was Dagon. In "The Ultimate Enemy", while he attempted to break the seal, Dagon converts most of Earth's people into Esoterica to be his followers before taking control of Gwen's mind to have her finish the task. Though that attempt failed, Dagon manages to enter reality by destroying the seal from his side. After defeating Ben and killing Sir George, he meets his apparent end when Vilgax has him be sucked into an energy absorbing device. Vilgax received all of Dagon's power, but Ben used Ascalon to defeat Vilgax by absorbing Dagon into it and revert all of the Esoterica back to human.
Lucubras[edit]
Voiced by:
Dee Bradley Baker – Ben 10: Ultimate Alien
Lucubras are animalistic creatures able to turn people into slaves that serve Dagon.
They have the ability to feed on the thoughts of humans and possibly other species. Gwen states that it feeds on the part of the mind used to pray or meditate until there is nothing left of the victim's mind. The victim then becomes its obedient servant, evident by the turquoise eyes, which it is implied it can control from other dimensions; however, the Lucubras can't take over beings if their cranium is protected by metal.
One such Lucubra was accidentally released by the Forever Knights during the events of "The Creature From Beyond", creating the conditions for Dagon's arrival into reality.
Flame Keepers' Circle[edit]
The Flame Keeper's Circle is a cult that worships Dagon, who apparently visited Earth at the dawn of mankind to bring knowledge of fire and promised to return to bring Earth to a utopia. At a circus, a preacher found Vilgax who was mistakook him for Dagon. The Flame Keepers' Circle are a philanthropic organisation who take donations and use them to provide humanitarian aid by recruiting celebrities to spread their message which is also common.
After Dagon's heart was cut out and pierced by Sir George's sword Ascalon, the Flame Keepers' Circle built a cloaked shrine around it. The shrine travels between Dagon's dimension and ours, never appearing in the same location twice.
They have access to alien technology.
Presumably their name is based loosely on the Hellfire Club.
Conduit Edwards[edit]
Voiced by:
John DiMaggio - Ben 10: Ultimate Alien
Conduit Edwards is a businessman and the leader of the Flame Keepers' Circle. He recruits celebrities for his group to attract more people. He also believed that Vilgax was Dagon and defended him at all cost until Vilgax touched the sword which restored him to his normal form and with the Dragon's heart fused within him, Edwards tries to retaliate but Vilgax defeats him. Edwards later leads the Esoterica in wiping out the Forever Knights while freeing Dagon. After Conduit Edwards killed Winston, he is then killed by Sir George.
Esoterica[edit]
The Esoterica are the foot soldiers of the Flame Keepers' Circle.
Each of the foot soldiers uses a technology that allows them to manipulate space where they use it to slip into other dimensions making them impossible to see or hit. The cult members can manipulate energy.
Presumably their name is based loosely on the Illuminati.
Weapon Masters of Techadon[edit]
Voiced by:
Dee Bradley Baker - Ben 10: Ultimate Alien (Inspector 13)
The Weapons Masters of Techadon create, supply and sell weapons to anyone who can afford them from their homeworld of Techadon. They are incredibly anti-social and usually never leave their home planet, as stated that no one has ever seen one of them; but actually, no one has ever seen one of them and survived. They are cold and calculating with no concern only the intent of those who buy their products, only caring to make better weapons than the Galvans. To that end, there are times when the Weapon Masters steal technology from other advanced alien races and fit them for combat purposes. Due to the events from both "The Gauntlet" and "Greetings From Techadon" where their Technodon robots being defeated there, a Weapon Master known only as "Inspector 13" arrived on Earth to obtain the Ultimatrix and weaponize it. However, his humiliating defeat forces him to leave Earth and keep his attempt from fellow Weapon Masters.
In the "Ben 10: Omniverse" episode "Special Delivery," Inspector 13 makes a cameo at Psyphon's auction.
Introduced in Omniverse[edit]

Malware[edit]
Voiced by:
Corey Burton - Ben 10: Omniverse
Malware (named by Azmuth to reflect his nature to corrode anything he touched) is a Galvanic Mechamorph and main antagonist of the second arc in Omniverse, set apart from others of his kind by absorbing technology to "evolve" himself instead of the opposite effect. Malware was originally a yellow Galvanic Mechomorph whose life code was corrupted upon creation on Galvan B, possessing a razor-sharp physique and menacing claws in addition to his enhanced strength and natural abilities. As revealed in "Trouble Helix," suffering physical pain, Malware was waiting for an upgrade for his condition and sought out Azmuth and learned of the secondary Helix he created. Taking the Helix to Galvan B to fit it into the first Helix, Malware assumed a red-armored form with his assimilative ability and made it his goal to obtain the Omnitrix to further evolve himself.
Though defeated by the eleven-year-old Ben on Galvan B, Malware followed the boy to Earth and fought him as seen in "The More Things Change" Pt. 1. As revealed in "Of Predators and Prey" 2-parter, Malware managed to scan a copy of the original Omnitrix design for Dr. Psychobos to create the Nemetrix. Prior to the Nemetrix's completion, Malware's body structure altered into a monstrous-form after being inflicted with a blast that altered his being at a sub molecular level and later was seemingly destroyed after being overloaded while absorbing the Omnitrix.
In "Of Predators and Prey" Pt. 2, Malware and Dr. Psychobos arrive and confront Khyber and his Dog after their ship had crashed outside of Bellwood. Malware later reintroduced himself to Ben during the events of "Malefactor" while taking Galvan security codes from the Plumbers' mainframe, using a tanker truck as a diversion to get away. Malware later makes his move during the events of "Showdown" Pt. 1 where he using Dr. Psychobos and Khyber's Dog as a distraction to enact his scheme to wipe out the Galvans by destroying Galvan B with his remains seeping in Galvan Mark II to assimulate the planet. However, regaining his ability to become Feedback, Ben defeats Malware where he ends up in a petrified state.
Dr. Psychobos[edit]
Voiced by:
Eric Bauza - Ben 10: Omniverse
Dr. Psychobos is a mad scientist Cerebrocrustacean who frequently uses "a term I use loosely" when mentioning others and has an intent to prove the intellectual superiority of himself and the Cerebrocrustaceans over Azmuth and the Galvan race. The latter aspect of his personality playing a role in allying himself with Malware's business partner and creating the Nemetrix. Dr. Psychobos formally introduces himself to Ben during the events of "Outbreak" when he stole part of Ben's Omnitrix to repair the Nemetrix. He later enacts his plan to kill Azmuth during "Showdown" with Kyber before being abandoned by the hunter and then placed under arrest.
In "While You Were Away", Dr. Psychobos was sprung from his cell by Princess Attea and forced in her services at the time when the Incursians invaded Revonnah. With the mind control serum he developed, Dr. Psychobos also provided the Incursians with mindless genetically mutated To'kustars called Way Bads as their enforcers during their occupancy of Earth as seen in the two-part episode "The Frogs of War." In the end, Dr. Psychobos' control over the Way Bads is negated as the Way Bads are sent into the Null Void by Rook, Blukic, and Driba. Emperor Milleous and Dr. Psychobos were arrested.
Khyber[edit]
Voiced by:
David Kaye - Ben 10: Omniverse
Khyber the Huntsman is a hunter who was hired by Malware and Dr. Psychobos to go after Ben, told he was a worth prize to hunt. To aid in his hunt, Khyber is given an Omnitrix-like item called the Nemetrix which he uses to turn his pet hunting dog into any predatory species to counter any of Ben's alien forms. In his spaceship, he keeps his collection of trophies from previous hunts including an Appoplexian skeleton, a Vaxxasaurian skull, and a Geochelone Aerio shell. At first, Khyber stayed in the shadows, infiltrating Max's Plumber base during the events "Trouble Helix" to obtain a history file of Ben's fight with Malware. Kyber eventually made himself known to Ben in "Of Predators and Prey" the 2-parter, capturing Ben and revealing the origins of the Nemetrix. Khyber and his hunting dog were defeated as Khyber's ship crashes.
Surviving with the intent to make Ben pay, Khyber moves into Malware's ship and since helped in Malware's schemes until the events of "Showdown" where he aided Psychobos before they two enter into an argument of interest. After Azmuth managed to use a whistle to control Khyber's Dog to defeat Psychobos, Khyber managed to swipe the Nemetrix off his dog while nobody was looking and escapes.
Zed[edit]
Voiced by:
Paul Eiding - Ben 10: Omniverse
Zed is a female Anubian Baskurr (a pun on "Anubis" and "Baskerville"), a hunting dog-like alien creature that serves Khyber. Due to being a feral animal with loyalties to Khyber, the dog was best suited to use the Nemetrix. Ben was unaware of the Anubian Baskhurr's existence as he was only attacked by the dog when she assumed other alien forms. Zed made herself known during Ben and Rook's fight with Dr. Animo in "It Was Them." Dr. Animo tried to take control of the dog with his mind-control device which didn't work.
So far, only nine predatory species are revealed. Khyber usually battled each creature to obtain its DNA for the Nemetrix. Originally, Khyber's whistle would activate the Nemetrix. But after Dr. Psychobos used a part of the Omnitrix to repair the Nemetrix, the dog can now transform at will. But after the "Showdown" 2-parter, Khyber relieved his dog of the Nemetrix. She ended up being adopted by Kevin after the two saved each other.
Crabdozer - A rock-based rhinoceros/crab-like creature that is the natural predator of a Pyronite (Heatblast's kind) as is immune to fire and able to nullify Heatblast with flame retardant saliva. Crabdozer has enhanced strength, speed, and durability to bulldoze through anything. It was first introduced in "The More Things Change" Pt. 1.
Buglizard - A giant lizard-like creature that is the natural predator of a Lepidopterran (Stinkfly's kind), the thick yellow fog it spews from its mouth able to nullify Stinkfly's mucus and enhanced vision. Buglizard also has enhanced smelling, reflexes, agility, strength and durability. Buglizard's weakness is that it can be harmed by electric attacks. It was first introduced in "The More Things Change" Pt. 2.
Slamworm - A huge worm-like creature, the natural predator of a Talpaedan (Armodrillo's kind) as it can burrow underground faster than Armodrillo. Also able spit multiple balls of acid from its mouth, Slamworm's only weakness is that it is vulnerable to sharp things that are inserted into its mouth. It was introduced in "It Was Them" along with Mucilator.
Mucilator - A fat gray rock-skinned, frog-like alien with sticky purple-pink spheres on its body. It is Crashhopper's natural predator. Mucilator's massive size and charging speed makes it extremely strong. It was introduced in "It Was Them" along with Slamworm.
Terroranchula - A spider-like creature that is Ball Weevil's predator. Terroranchula can make force field like webs designed specifically to neutralize the explosive goo balls of Ball Weevil. He has shown the ability to coat himself with these webs and deliver a jolt of energy to anyone who touches him. His leg's sharp points make for excellent offensive weapons able to launch multiple strikes in short amounts of time. Terroranchula also can squeeze through small spaces seen when Ball Weevil escaped through a narrow pipe and Terroranchula followed through the same pipe. It was introduced in "Of Predator and Prey" Pt. 1.
Tyrannopede - A Centipede/Carnotaurus-like creature with six and four legs that is the natural predator of a Vaxasaurian (Humungosaur's kind), making it stronger than Humungousaur. Extremely heavy, a Tyrannopede can shoot webs from its forehead to wrap an enemy in a sticky cocoon. It was introduced in "Of Predator and Prey" Pt. 2.
Hypnotick - A Psycholeopterran (a moth/bat-like creature) that is the natural predator of a Necrofriggian (Big Chill's kind), sharing its prey's ability to become intangible. Psycholeopterrans are rare creatures that are sold in the black market due to emitting visible red soundwaves that can hypnotize people by targeting their brains' pleasure centers. Khyber's dog first assumed the form in "Malefactor", which also showed how Khyber obtained the source material from a Psycholeopterran held in the Plumbers' base in Mount Rushmore.
Omnivoracius - A tall purple Feathered dinosaur-like alien that was the natural predator of a Galvan (Grey Matter's kind) that could not be outwitted by them. The Galvans were only about to prosper once their predator suffered a mass extinction from a climate change. In the events of "Showdown", Khyber and Dr. Psychobos acquired the Omnivoracius DNA from a well-preserved fossil of the specimen in a Galvan museum.
Vicetopus - An octopus-like creature with a long body that is the natural predator of a Cerebrocrustacean (Brainstorm and Dr. Psychobos' kind). It was introduced in "Showdown" when Azmuth used his flute and had it trap Dr. Psychobos so that he can learn where Malware is.
Bubble Helmet[edit]
Voiced by:
John DiMaggio - Ben 10: Omniverse
Bubble Helmet is one of Psyphon's henchmen. He is a Caterpillar-like alien who wears a robotic suit that produces an atmosphere that he can breathe. After being captured by the Plumbers during the events of "The More Things Change", Bubble Helmet was being temporary turned into a Gimlinopithecus during the events of "Outbreak".
Fistina[edit]
Voiced by:
Morgan Lofting - Ben 10: Omniverse
Fistina is one of Psyphon's henchmen. She is an Acrosian who wears a robotic suit with weapons. After being captured by the Plumbers during the events of "The More Things Change", Fistina was temporary turned into a Galvanic Mechomorph during the events of "Outbreak".
In "Rules of Engagement," Fistina was robbing a jewelry store until she was defeated by Ben and Rook. During this time, she ended up developing a crush on Rook. Fistina ended up helping Ben, Rook, Julie, Ship, and Ester fight off Princess Looma. Afterwards, Fistina was arrested by Rook and taken away.
She was briefly seen in "Special Delivery," in Psyphon's auction. The item was a date with her, won by a young Kraaho.
Liam[edit]
Voiced by:
Paul Eiding - Ben 10: Omniverse
Liam is one of Psyphon's henchmen. He a chicken-like alien who is slightly strong. After being captured by the Plumbers during the events of "The More Things Change", Liam was temporary turned into a Vaxasaurian during the events of "Outbreak" before returning to normal while becoming Kickin Hawk's genetic donor.
Thunderpig[edit]
Voiced by:
Eric Bauza - Ben 10: Omniverse
Thunderpig is one of Psyphon's henchmen. He is a warthog-like alien. Thunderpig exhibits enhanced strength which he uses to lift and throw a glowing flail that he uses to attack others with. He was first seen in "The More Things Change" Pt. 2 where he assists Psyphon and those who work for Psyphon into attacking Ben and Rook. They end up defeated and are arrested by the Plumbers.
In "Special Delivery," Thunderpig attacks Ben at his house with the resulting fight damaging Mr. Baumann's car.
Thunderpig later appeared in "Rad" where he and another alien were seen getting kicked out of a bar called the "Black Hole."
NOTE: Thunderpig seems to be a spoof on ThunderCats which included a pig head shape on his belt and how he activates his flair.
Tummyhead[edit]
Voiced by:
Rob Paulsen - Ben 10: Omniverse
Tummyhead is one of Psyphon's henchmen. He is an alien with a second head on his stomach. Tummyhead was first seen in "The More Things Change" Pt. 2 where he assists Psyphon and those who work for Psyphon into attacking Ben and Rook. They end up defeated and are arrested by the Plumbers.
Tummyhead later appeared in "Special Delivery."
Fistrick[edit]
Voiced by:
Eric Bauza - Ben 10: Omniverse
Fistrick is a super-strong small-time crime lord and arms dealer. Ben and Rook first encounter Fisttrick when he and his henchmen were abducting Megawhatts and using them to power up the technology that he has reverse-engineered. In the fight between Ben and Rook, Fisttrick uses a powerful exo-suit that is powered by Megawhatts. As GravAttack, Ben was able to defeat Fisttrick and hand him over to the Plumbers while the Megawhatts were relocated to Undertown.
In "Bros in Space," Fistrick acquired a planet-destroying satellite and positioned it near the planet Revonnah so that he could use the planet's Amber Ogia as fuel for the weapon. Upon heading to Revonnah, Fistrick trained the local Muroids to steal the Amber Ogia for him and pilot his Mecha-Harvesters. Ben and Rook discovered the plot while visiting Rook's family on Revonnah. Fistrick brought Ben to his planet-destroying satellite intending to kill him with it, but Ben narrowly escaped the death trap. As Kickin Hawk, Ben defeated Fistrick and the Muroids while Rook rallied his people and defeated the Muroids.
In "Special Delivery," Fisttrick is seen at an auction held by Psyphon. He later helps Psyphon attack Ben and reclaim the Dwarf Star.
Corvo[edit]
Voiced by:
Bumper Robinson - Ben 10: Omniverse
Corvo is a teenage villain who is one of Fistrick's henchmen.
In "A Jolt From the Past," Corvo assisted Fistrick into abducting the Nosedeenians in order to power Psyphon's equipment. He was defeated by Ben and Rook and then arrested by the Plumbers.
In "Special Delivery," Corvo was seen in a bar when he was on his way to deliver the Dwarf Star to Psyphon's auction. When Ben entered the bar, Corvo grabbed the wrong bag and ran off to where Psyphon is holding his auction.
Solid Plugg[edit]
Voiced by:
Eric Bauza - Ben 10: Omniverse
Solid Plugg is a thug for hire appearing in Ben 10: Omniverse, having a criminal record. Though short, Solid Plugg is very strong. He first appears in 2-part "The More Things Change", shopping his groceries at Mr. Baumann's shop before making his official introduction in "Have I Got a Deal for You" where he was an assistant of Professor Blarney T. Hokestar.
Pax[edit]
Voiced by:
Eric Bauza - Ben 10: Omniverse
Pax is a crazed Florauna activist who is not evil at heart but his love for wildlife, especially dangerous animals, places himself and others in danger on a regular basis. Pax first debuts in "Have I Got a Deal for You" when he tricks Ben into freeing the Screegit from Professor Blarney T. Hokestar's ship, unaware of how it would be effected by Earth's atmosphere. When the Screegit went on a rampage, Pax tried to stop Ben and Professor Hokestar from what he perceived to as doing harm to the Screegit. After the Screegit was returned to normal size, Pax was arrested by the Plumbers despite his good intentions. In "Store 23," Pax makes a poster cameo at the time when Feedback was chasing Liam.
In "Rad," Pax returns where he stowed away on Rad Dudesman's ship called The Lucky Duck where he plans to keep the dangerous Gracklflint safe. During a fight with the Incurseans, Pax ended up captured by some Incursean soldiers yet manages to escape when the Gracklflint starts attacking the Incursean soldiers. After the Gracklflint is used to cure Magister Amux and his crew of the venom, Ben assures to Pax that the Gracklflint will be let free on its planet and Rad just says that as long he gets paid.
Princess Looma Red Wind[edit]
Kimberly Brooks - Ben 10: Omniverse
Is a female tetramand who is a princess of Khoros and Gar`s daughter. Long ago she met Kevin when Argit and he went to their planet to seek an advanced engine but to get it he had to accept to marry her. After agreeing to do so Kevin leaves her taking the engine with him, this led her to seek out Kevin and complete the wedding. She appears in "Many Happy Returns" after a long search to find Kevin, she arrives on Earth. Kevin tries to hide with Ben, but is eventually found by Looma. Rook and Gwen try to stop her until Ben fights and defeats her as Four Arms. Her father says that Ben is now engaged to her and she promises to return three years later.
She returns in "Rules Of Engagement" to search for wedding gifts. She kidnaps Esther, Julie and Rook for the wedding event. She is defeated by Ben as Ball Weevil and she left saying the engagement is now off and that Julie can have Ben.
Nyancy Chan